IGI LIFE WTO Danish Education Plan
IGI Life – WTO Danish Plan Danish Plan is a saving and protection plan (Underwritten
By IGI Life Insurance) to assist customers in planning for their children’ education. It is
only available through Bank Alfalah’s branches.
Product Features/ Benefits:
Product Variants:

Free 14-day look period to review policy terms and conditions

Customer can select sum assured of his own choice.

Optional rider’s is provided to cover customers against unforeseen risks and hazards.
Term of Plan:
Minimum Term: 10 years
Maximum Term: 25 years (subject to a maximum coverage age of 65 years)
Payment Frequency:
The minimum collected basic contribution is PKR 25,000. The contributions can be
made on Annual, Semi-Annual or Quarterly basis.
Unit Linked
It provides life cover as well as a return on investment.
Contributions
Management
Offers the flexibility to direct customer contributions in part or whole to
Balanced Fund
Conservative Fund
Managed Fund
Death Benefit
Death Benefit is Both of Sum Covered Plus Participant Account value (P
Maturity Benefit
On completion of the membership term, the PIA value along with the ac
time pensions
Optional Riders
Accidental Death Benefit
Income Benefit- Disability
Income Benefit-Death
Built In Benefit
Top-Up Premium (Ad-hoc Premium) – The plan is a regular contribution
lump sum contributions in the membership.
Free Look Period
During a 14 day free look period, the customer can review the policy te

Note: For a better understanding in making your selection according to your savings
and takaful needs, you may contact representatives at your nearest Bank Alfalah
Limited branch.
Annual Contribution:
The minimum collected basic contribution is PKR 25,000. The contributions can be
made on Annual, Semi-Annual or Quarterly basis.
Note: For a better understanding in making your selection according to your savings
and takaful needs, you may contact representatives at your nearest Bank Alfalah
Limited branch.
Unit Allocation:
The allocation of the annual basic plan premium to buy units in the chosen funds is as
follow:
Target Market

Salaried Individuals

Professionals (Chartered Accountants, Consultants, Doctors, etc.)

Self Employed Individuals, Proprietorships, Partners and Family concern business

Landlords, Housewives & Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign
Remittances.

Government / Semi Government employees and Employees of Armed Forces.
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18 to 55 years of
age.
Documentation:
Year 1
60%
Year 2
75%
Year 3
95%
Year 4 & Onwards
100%

1. Complete auto debit form with customer’s signatures,
2. Copy of CNIC/NICOP/POC/Smart ID (original seen by Sales)
3. Declaration form and T&C signed by customers
Claims:
Following are the requirements for Claims settlement:
1. Claimant’s Statement to be completed and signed by you : Download the form from the
this link
2. Physician’s Statement to be filled by the Physician who treated/attended the deceased :
Download the form from the this link
3. Original Union Council Death Certificate which will be returned to you OR copy duly
attested by Union Council
4. Copy of hospital death certificate
5. Original Policy Document
6. All previous and current medical treatment record of deceased
7. Copies of CNIC’s of Beneficiary & Deceased
8. Copy of FIR/Police Report duly attested by the issuing authority (In case of accident)
Associated Charges
1. Management Fee: 25% of each month’s Takaful contribution from PTF
2. 5% Bid offer spread
3. Administration Fee
4. Transfer Fee- PKR 500 for fund switches.
5. Wakalah Istismaar Fee:0.125% of PIA value per month.