IGI LIFE WTO Zeenat Takaful Plan
Zeenat Takaful Plan (Underwritten By IGI Life Insurance) is a saving and protection
plan specifically designed for our Female Clientele along with spouse coverage.
Product Features/ Benefits:
Product Variants:

Free 14-day look period to review policy terms and conditions

Customer can select sum assured of his own choice.

Optional rider’s is provided to cover customers against unforeseen risks and hazards.
Term of Plan:
10 till the attained age of 85 years
Annual Contribution:
The minimum basic annual contribution is PKR 25,000. The contributions can be made
on Annual, Semi-Annual or Quarterly basis.
Unit Linked
It provides life cover as well as a return on investment.
Contributions
Management
Offers the flexibility to direct customer contributions in part or whole to
Balanced Fund
Conservative Fund
Managed Fund
Death Benefit
Death Benefit is Both of Sum Covered Plus Participant Account value (PI
Maturity Benefit
On completion of the membership term, the PIA value along with the ac
time pensions
Optional Riders
Accidental Death Benefit
Income Benefit- Disability
Income Benefit-Death
Waiver of Contribution
Additional Protection Benefit
Spouse Coverage
Built In Benefit
Top-Up contribution (Ad-hoc contribution) – The plan is a regular contri
as lump sum contributions in the membership.
Free Look Period
During a 14 day free look period, the customer can review the policy ter

Note: For a better understanding in making your selection according to your savings
and takaful needs, you may contact representatives at your nearest Bank Alfalah
Limited branch.
Unit Allocation:
The allocation of the annual basic plan contribution to buy units in the chosen funds is
as follow:
Target Market

Salaried Individuals

Professionals (Chartered Accountants, Consultants, Doctors, etc.)

Self Employed Individuals, Proprietorships, Partners and Family concern business

Landlords, Housewives & Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign
Remittances.

Government / Semi Government employees and Employees of Armed Forces.
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18 to 65 years of age.
Documentation:
11. Complete auto debit form with customer’s signatures,
12. Copy of CNIC/NICOP/POC/Smart ID (original seen by Sales)
13. Declaration form and T&C signed by customers.
Membership
Year
Allocation
Percentage
Year 1
60%
Year 2
80%
Year 3
90%
Year 4
100%
Year 5 &
onwards
103%

Claims:
Following are the requirements for Claims settlement:
24. Claimant’s Statement to be completed and signed by you : Download the form from the
this link
25. Physician’s Statement to be filled by the Physician who treated/attended the deceased :
Download the form from the this link
26. Original Union Council Death Certificate which will be returned to you OR copy duly
attested by Union Council
27. Copy of hospital death certificate
28. Original Policy Document
29. All previous and current medical treatment record of deceased
30. Copies of CNIC’s of Beneficiary & Deceased
31. Copy of FIR/Police Report duly attested by the issuing authority (In case of accident)
32. Copy of Post Mortem Report duly attested by the issuing authority (In case of accident)
Note: Further requirements can be asked for depending on the case.
Associated Charges
15. Management Fee: 25% of each month’s Takaful contribution from PTF
16. 5% Bid offer spread
17. Administration Fee
18. Transfer Fee- PKR 500 for fund switches.
19. Wakalah Istismaar Fee:0.125% of PIA value per month