IGI LIFE WTO Zindagi Premier Takaful Savings Plan
An affordable savings and protection plan (Underwritten by IGI Life Insurance) allowing
customers to save for their future goals with Vitality and built in hospitalization benefit.
IGI Life WTO Zindagi Premier Takaful Savings Plan is a smart investment and protection
plan that is linked to the Vitality wellness program. Based on the shared value Takaful
model, this plan encourages you to lead a healthier life and offers you attractive
rewards for doing so.
Product Features/ Benefits:
vides ife cover as well as a return on investment.
the flexibility to direct customer contributions in part or whole to any of the following funds
ced Fund
rvative Fund
ged Fund
Benefit is Both of Sum Covered Plus Participant Account value (PIA) + Surplus
(if any)
mpletion of the membership term, the PIA value along with the account value
of Top-up will be payable, which can
e time pensions
ental Death Benefit
e Benefit- Disability
e Benefit-Death
r of Contribution
onal Protection Benefit
Afza: It provides financial protection in case of illness or accident that leads to
hospitalization to cover in-patient e
g a 14 day free look period, the customer can review the policy
terms and conditions and cancel the policy if neede
Product Variants:

Free 14 day look period to review policy terms and conditions

Customer can select sum assured of his own choice.

Optional rider’s is provided to cover customers against unforeseen risks and hazards.
Term of Plan:
Minimum Term: 10 years
Maximum Term: 25 years (subject to a maximum coverage age of 85 years)
Annual Contribution:

The minimum collected basic contribution is PKR 250,000 The contributions can be
made on Annual, Semi-Annual or Quarterly basis.
Note: For a better understanding in making your selection according to your savings
and takaful needs, you may contact representatives at your nearest Bank Alfalah
Limited branch
Unit Allocation:
The allocation of the annual basic plan contribution to buy units in the chosen funds is
as follow:
Target Market

Salaried Individuals

Professionals (Chartered Accountants, Consultants, Doctors, etc.)

Self Employed Individuals, Proprietorships, Partners and Family concern business

Landlords, Housewives & Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign
Remittances.

Government / Semi Government employees and Employees of Armed Forces.
Eligibility Criteria
18-65 Years. Minimum Membership 10 Years – subject to maximum attained age of 85
Years of age.
Documentation:
14. Complete auto debit form with customer’s signatures,
15. Copy of CNIC/NICOP/POC/Smart ID (original seen by Sales)
16. Declaration form and T&C signed by customers.
Membership
Year
Allocation Percentage
Year
1
60%
Year
2
80%
Year
3
95%
Year
4-5
100%
Year 6
onwards
103%

Claims:
Following are the requirements for Claims settlement:
33. Claimant’s Statement to be completed and signed by you : Download the form from the
this link
34. Physician’s Statement to be filled by the Physician who treated/attended the deceased :
Download the form from the this link
35. Original Union Council Death Certificate which will be returned to you OR copy duly
attested by Union Council
36. Copy of hospital death certificate
37. Original Policy Document
38. All previous and current medical treatment record of deceased
39. Copies of CNIC’s of Beneficiary & Deceased
40. Copy of FIR/Police Report duly attested by the issuing authority (In case of accident)
41. Copy of Post Mortem Report duly attested by the issuing authority (In case of accident)
Note: Further requirements can be asked for depending on the case.
Associated Charges
20. What are the Fees and Charges Related to this Product?
21. Bid/Oer Spread 5% of amounts for purchase of PIA Units
22. Wakalatul Istismar fees 0.125% of Participant’s Investment Account
23. (PIA) value per month charged at the
24. beginning of month
25. Mudarib Share 40% share in the investment income of the
26. Individual PTF (if any)
27. Takaful Operator’s 25% of each month’s takaful contributions
28. Management fee in (Tabarru or COI)
29. Takaful contributions
30. Administration Fee PKR 175 per month per membership
31. Vitality Fee PKR 320 per participant per month*
32. Surrender Charge (All Years) Nil
33. Fund Switching Fee PKR 500
34. Processing Fee PKR 500 on each partial withdrawal and
35. complete surrender
Charges may vary from time to time, at the discretion of the Window Takaful Operator.