JUBILEE KAMIL TAKAFUL SAVINGS PLAN
A shariah compliant saving and protection plan (Underwritten By Jubilee Life Insurance)
allowing customers to save for their goals.
Product Features/ Benefits:
Product Variants:

Free 14 day look period to review Membership terms and conditions

Customer can select sum assured of his own choice.

Additional rider’s is provided to cover customers against unforeseen risks and hazards.
Free Look Period:
Customer can cancel the Membership within a Free Look Period of 14 days from receipt
of the documents, they are entitled for a full refund of contribution less any expenses
incurred by Jubilee Life WTO in connection with your medical or clinical examinations
Unit Linked
It provides life
cover as well as a return on investment.
Contributions
Management
Offers the flexibility to direct customer
contributions in part or whole t
Managed Takaful Fund
Capital Growth Takaful Fund
Death Benefit
The customer can determine the Sum assured by multiplying annual ba
saving and insurance requirements.
Maturity Benefit
At the end of the term of the plan, the Membership holder will receive t
Optional Riders
Family Income Benefits
Critical Illness Takaful Benefit
Accidental Death Supplementary Takaful Benefit
Accidental Death or Dismemberment Takaful Benefit
Permanent Total Disability Supplementary Takaful Benefit
Waiver of Contribution Takaful Benefit
Built In Benefit
Family Income Benefit Supplementary Takaful Benefit: Regular quarterl
Supplementary Takaful Benefit term.
Top-Up Contribution (Ad-hoc Contribution) - It allows having additional
Surplus Sharing: By contributing an amount (donation) as
Tabarru, th
Free Look Period
During a 14-day free look period, the customer can review the Member

Term of Plan:
Minimum Term: 10 years
Maximum Term: 57 years
Tax Free Growth:
Savings are exempted from taxation; however Zakat is levied in case of maturity or
surrender.
Payment Frequency:
The Contributions can be made annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly.
Given below is a breakdown of the minimum Contribution contributions that can be
made:
Yearly
Half
Yearly
Quarterly
Monthly
Unit Allocation:
The allocation of the annual basic plan Contribution to buy units in the chosen funds is
as follow:
Target Market
17. Salaried Individuals
18. Professionals (Chartered Accountants, Consultants, Doctors, etc.)
19. Self Employed Individuals, Proprietorships, Partners and Family concern business
Membership Year
Allocation Percentage
Year 1
60%
Year 2
80%
Year 3
90%
Year 4 & onwards
100%
Bonus Allocation
Year 6 & onwards
3%
Adhoc Contribution
100%

20. Landlords, Housewives & Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign
Remittances.
21. Government / Semi Government employees and Employees of Armed Forces.
Documentation Required
42. Complete auto debit form with customer’s signatures.
43. Copy of CNIC/NICOP/POC/Smart ID (original seen by Sales.
44. Declaration form and T&C signed by customers.
45. Suitability Assessment Form
Claims:
At time of claims, the beneficiary needs to contact Jubilee Life at (021) 111-111-554
and submit the following documents.
• Original Policy Documents
• Claim Forms A, B, C, D
• Complete Medical /Treatment Record including all Clinical Notes at the onset of the
treatment
• Death Certificate issued by Hospital and NADRA
• Attested CNIC of both the life assured and claimant(s)
• Intimation wherein Date of death and Cause of death should be mentioned by the
claimant
However, in case of Murder, Suicide or Accidental Death following mandatory
requirements should also be added:
• Post Mortem/ Autopsy Report (Attested)
• News Paper Cutting of the event (Attested)
• Police First Information Report (FIR) (Attested)
• Medico Legal Report (Attested)
Note: Further requirements can be asked for depending on the case.
Contact Details of Claims Department:
Claims Department,
Jubilee Life INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED,
74 / 1 – A, Lalazar, M. T. Khan Road,
Karachi – 74000, Pakistan
Phone – Head Office: 92-21-35205095, 92-21-35205094 , 021-111-111-554
Fax: 92-21-35610959
E-Mail:

Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18-65 Years.