5th Pillar Family Takaful Amanat Savings Plan
If you are looking to provide your family with the best lifestyle, protect them against
any unforeseen events or looking for the family to fulfil their financial obligations, then
5th Pillar Family Takaful Amanat Savings Plan is the right solution for you. Our Takaful
plans work in a Shariah-compliant manner and facilitates to save, invest and grow your
savings while enjoying a significant level of Family Takaful coverage.
It is designed to meet the needs of individuals who are looking to secure their financial
future while ensuring that their loved ones are protected in the event of unexpected
events such as illness, disability, or death. This plan is underwritten by 5th Pillar Family
Takaful Limited and Bank Alfalah Limited is acting as a distributor only.
Key Benefits

In case of unfortunate death, your nominated beneficiaries will receive the sum covered
or the accumulated cash value of your funds (whichever is higher).

Bonus Allocation starting from 3rd year

Bonus Allocation as high as 50%

Death & Maturity Benefit

Additional Riders Option

Free look period of 14 days
*The range of cover multiples available to the policy holder varies with the age at entry
of the life covered and underwriting outcome.
*Maturity Benefit At the end of the term of the plan, the policy holder will receive the
Cash Value accumulated during the term of the plan.
Contribution:
Starting with 20,000/- PKR
Term
The available term range is 10 to 25 years, subject to maximum age of 75 years at
maturity.
Mode of Payment
Monthly / Quarterly / Semi-annually / Annually
Unit Allocation:

The allocation of the annual basic plan premium to buy units in the chosen funds is as
follow:
Annual Contribution:
Minimum 20,000/- PKR
Target Market

Salaried Individuals

Professionals (Chartered Accountants, Consultants, Doctors, etc.)

Self Employed Individuals, Proprietorships, Partners and Family concern business

Landlords, Housewives & Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign
Remittances.

Government / Semi Government employees and Employees of Armed Forces.
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18 years to 55
years of age (Maximum age limit = 65 Years)
Documentation Required
At time of claims, the beneficiary needs to contact 5th Pillar Family Takaful Company at
021-111-786- 573 and submit the following documents.

Original Policy Documents

Claim Forms A, B, C, D

Complete Medical /Treatment Record including all Clinical Notes at the onset of the
treatment

Death Certificate issued by Hospital and NADRA

Attested CNIC of both the life assured and claimant(s)

Intimation wherein Date of death and Cause of death should be mentioned by the
claimant
However, in case of Murder, Suicide or Accidental Death following mandatory
requirements should also be added:
Policy
Year
Allocation
Percentage
Year 1
60%
Year 2
70%
Year 3
and
Onwards
100%


Post Mortem/ Autopsy Report (Attested)

News Paper Cutting of the event (Attested)

Police First Information Report (FIR) (Attested)

Medico Legal Report (Attested)
Note: Further requirements can be asked for depending on the case.
Associated Charges
24. Allocation charges
25. Top-up Charge
26. Wakala Fee
27. Fund Switching Fee
28. Wakalat-ul-Istismar Fee (Investment Management Fee)