Adamjee Life Hikmat Insurance Plan
Product Features
(Hospitalization cash plan)
Easy and yearly renewable and affordable plan that provides cash facility to customer
during hospitalization with supplementary death reimbursements.
Adamjee Hikmat Insurance Plan (underwritten by Adamjee Life Assurance Company)
offers a unique coverage, intended to cover the hospital expenses owing to
hospitalization in case of sickness or accident. The Company will pay the daily cash
benefit for each 24-hour period of Hospital Confinement, up to a maximum of 120
days. The cash benefit payable will be increased to twice the daily cash benefit amount
for each24-hour period of Hospital Confinement in an Intensive Care Unit (ICU). In case
of admission in ICU the maximum days will be reduced to 60 days. Per confinement
benefit is limited to maximum consecutive 30 days of hospitalization.
Product Features/Benefits:

Hospitalization due to Sickness as well as Accident

No Medical Questions Asked

Double payment in case of ICU Confinement

Option to include Life Insurance

E-Consultation for the customer and his/her family

Waiting period of only 15 days in case of sickness hospitalization
Sum Assured:
Admission in a registered hospital in Pakistan due to injury or sickness for a consecutive
period of at least 24 hours.Hospitalization due to pre-existing conditions shall be
excluded.
Plan
Hospital
Cash (Accident and Sickness)
A
2,000
B
5,000
C
10,000
Premium Payment Frequency:
Uni-Sex-Single-Life (i.e. on each individual life insured) Annual premium by Plan
Plan
1
Plan 2
Plan 3
Age
(PKR)
(PKR)
(PKR)

Range
18 to
59
3,550
6,500
11,350
Waiting Period:
First 15 days from policy commencement date for sickness related hospitalization.
Waiting period shall not be applicable on renewals.
Deferred Period:
0 Months
Term of Plan:
Adamjee Hikmat Insurance plan is yearly renewable wallet plan. The policy term of this
plan is 1 year.
Product Type
The Sum Assured is payable on Death (due to any cause) during the enforce term of
cover. Maximum age of entry for this benefit is 59. Maximum age of cover under this
benefit is 60.
Uni-Sex Single-Life Flat Annual yearly renewable program (Age Band Wise)
Plan
Sum Assured (Rs
Silver
250,000
Gold
500,000
Platinum
1,000,000
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18-59 years of age. The product
provides coverage up to a maximum of 60 years of age.

Documentation Required
Claim Processing:
In case of a claim, the following documents should be submitted with Adamjee Life
Assurance:

Duly completed Claimant Statement form

NADRA Death Certificate (In case of death claim)

CNIC of beneficiary and insured

Post Mortem/Police Report (If any)

Last attending physician’s statement

Proof Of Hospitalization (All related documents)
FAQs
What is Hospital Cash Insurance?
Hospital Cash Insurance is a specific insurance product under which a fixed daily
compensation is paid to the insured in case of his/her Hospitalization. The
Hospitalization can be due to either accident or sickness or both as per the policy
provisions.
What benefits does Adamjee Hikmat Insurance Plan offer?
Adamjee Hikmat Insurance Plan offers Hospitalization benefit in case of accident and
sickness along with compensation in case of either natural or accidental death (if opted
for).
How is Adamjee Hikmat Insurance Plan different from other offers in the
market?
Adamjee Hikmat Insurance Plan offers Hospitalization cover for both accident and
sickness under one umbrella. It also provides the option to get life insurance cover as
per requirement. A unique feature of the offering is the E-Consulation facility offered in
collaboration with ‘Sehat Kahani’. The E-Consultation facility can be utilized by the
insured as well as his/her family members.
Who should I contact in case of any further queries?
For further queries, you can contact Bank Alfalah at 111 225 111| bankalfalah.com
(+92) 111 225 111.