Alfalah Insurance Car e vaan Motor Plan
Product Features
Alfalah Car-a-vaan motor insurance plan (underwritten by Alfalah Insurance) is
designed for customers of Bank Alfalah to secure their private automobiles against
numerous instances of loss. The customer has flexibility to choose from two variants
depending on their need of coverage.
Payment Frequency:
Below is a breakdown of the minimum premium contributions with in the age bracket
that can be made:

Option 1 : 2.75% Net (Of Sum Assured)

Option 2 : 1.50% Net (Of Sum Assured)
You can choose any one of the plan types that best suits your requirement.
Note: For a better understanding in making your selection according to your insurance
needs, you may contact representatives at your nearest Bank Alfalah Limited branch.
Premium Payment Mode:
Annual
Free Look Up Period:
14 days free look up period will be available to review terms and conditions
Claims:
At time of claims, the beneficiary needs to contact Alfalah Insurance Limited at (042)
111-234-222 and provide the required documents to Alfalah Insurance Company
Limited at 5-Saint Mary Park, Gulberg III, Lahore.
Term of Plan:
Alfalah Insurance Car a Vaan Motor Insurance Plan is a yearly renewable car insurance
plan. The policy term of this plan is 1 year.
Product Type
Option 1: Model of
vehicle
Up to PKR 5 Million
(Model Newer Than 5 years)

and sum insured limit
Option 2: Theft, Total
Loss
and Third Party Liability
Up to PKR 1.50 Million
(Model Older Than 5 Years)
Coverage in Option 1
Comprehensive
Insurance
Section I – Loss or
Damage
Accidental damage by external means.
Fire
external explosion self-ignition or lightning or f
Burglary, house-breaking or theft
Damage cause by malicious person
Riot, strike
Flood, hail, wind, hurricane, cyclone, tornado or typh
Earthquake, volcanic eruption or other convulsion of
Damage caused during transit by air, road, rail, inlan
Terrorism
Section II – Liability to Third Party
Death or bodily injury to person but except so far as i
of the Motor Vehicle Act. 1939, the Company shall n
and in the course of the employment such person by
Damage to property other than property
belonging t
control of the insured
Coverage in Option 2
Theft, Total Loss and
Third Party Liability.
Theft
Total Loss
Death
or bodily injury to person but except so far a
of the Motor Vehicle Act. 1939, the Company shall n
in the course of the employment such person by the
Damage
to property other than property belonging
control of the insured
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers.
FAQs

How can I avail Car-a-Vaan Motor Insurance Plan?
You can visit your nearest Bank Alfalah Branch or call Bank Alfalah Contact Centre at
111 225 111.
Available term range?
All Bank Alfalah account holders are eligible.
What protection does Car-a-Vaan Motor Insurance Plan offer?
With Car-a-Vaan Motor Insurance Plan, you have the following two options to enjoy
complete protection against your motor car.
Option I: (Sum Insured up to PKR 5 million) (model newer than 5 years)
Comprehensive Motor Insurance:
34. Motor car own damages including terrorism
35. Third party liability property damage
36. Third party liability bodily injury
37. Total loss and theft
*Premium rate: 2.75% of value of Vehicle [Inclusive of all taxes]
Option 2: (Sum Insured up to PKR 1.50 million) (model older than 5 years)
Total Loss, Theft and Third Party Liability Cover under Motor insurance
60. Third party liability property damage
61. Third party liability bodily injury
62. Total loss and theft Premium rate: 1.50% of value of Vehicle [Inclusive of all taxes]
Cov
Option 1:
(Comprehensive
Insurance)
Section I — Loss or
Damage
0.Accidental damage by external means
1. Fire external explosion self-ignition or lightning or frost
2.Burglary, house-breaking or theft Damage caused by malicious person Riot o
other convulsions of nature Damage caused during transit by air, road, rail,
Section Il — Liability to
Third Party
3.Death or body injury to person, but except so far as is necessary to meet th
where such death or injury arises out and in the course of the employment s
4.Damage to property other than property belonging to the insured or held in
Option 2: (Theft,
Theft
Total Loss
Death or bodily injury to person but except so far as is necessary to meet th

When does coverage start?
Your coverage becomes effective once pre-risk attachment survey of your vehicle is
done and premium is debited from your Bank Alfalah Account.
How long will the cover last?
Once enrolled, your coverage will continue for a period of one year.
Who are the underwriters of Car-a-Vaan Motor Insurance Plan?
All the benefits are underwritten by Alfalah Insurance Company, which is one of the
latest ventures of Abu Dhabi Group in Pakistan and a sister concern of Bank Alfalah
Limited. Alfalah Insurance Company started its operations in 2006 and since then it has
become one of the fastest growing insurance companies, achieving a milestone of Rs. 2
billion premium in just nine years. PACRA has rated Alfalah Insurance Co. Ltd. 'AA-'. For
more information, please visit
In what cases will you not be entitled to an insurance cover? *
Car-a-Vaan Motor Insurance Plan does not cover loss resulting from or due to the
following:
War or warlike operations
Pre-existing damages
When vehicle is used for hire and reward purpose, to organize racing, pace making,
reliability trial, speed testing and carriage of goods
Any claim arising out of contractual liability
*The key exclusions are stated here. For a complete list of exclusions and limitations, please refer to Alfalah's standard Private Car Insurance Policy Terms and Conditions.
What if there is a claim?
For claims, please contact:
Alfalah Insurance Co. Ltd. Customer Care Centre (042) 111 234 222
Total Loss and
Third Party
Liability)
where such death or injury arises out and in the course of the employment s
Damage to property other than property belonging to the insured or held in

Email:
You can also write to: Claim Manager, Alfalah Insurance Company Limited, 5-Saint Mary
Park, Gulberg-Lahore
All claims will be settled within 15 business days of completion of required documentation.
What if I want to cancel the policy?
You are entitled to a 14 days’ free look period from the effective date of insurance. If
you cancel the policy during this period, full premium paid will be refunded to you
provided no claim has been reported to insurance company. For further information,
please call Alfalah Customer Care Centre at (042) 111 234 222. Bank Alfalah Limited is
only acting as a distribution agent and is not liable for any loss under this product.