Jubilee Kamil Takaful Savings Plan
Product Features
A shariah compliant saving and protection plan (Underwritten By Jubilee Life Insurance)
allowing customers to save for their goals.
Product Features/ Benefits:
Product Variants:

Free 14 day look period to review policy terms and conditions

Customer can select sum assured of his own choice.

Additional rider’s is provided to cover customers against unforeseen risks and hazards.
Free Look Period:
Customer can cancel the policy within a Free Look Period of 14 days from receipt of the
documents, they are entitled for a full refund of contribution less any expenses incurred
by Jubilee Life WTO in connection with your medical or clinical examinations
Term of Plan:
Unit Linked
It provides life
cover as well as a return on investment.
Contributions
Management
Offers the flexibility to direct customer
contributions in part or whole t
Managed Takaful Fund
Capital Growth Takaful Fund
Death Benefit
The customer can determine the Sum assured by multiplying annual ba
saving and insurance requirements.
Maturity Benefit
At the end of the term of the plan, the policy holder will receive the
C
Optional Riders
Family Income Benefits
Critical Illness Takaful Benefit
Accidental Death Supplementary Takaful Benefit
Accidental Death or Dismemberment Takaful Benefit
Permanent Total Disability Supplementary Takaful Benefit
Waiver of Premium Takaful Benefit
Built In Benefit
Family Income Benefit Supplementary Takaful Benefit: Regular quarter
Supplementary Takaful Benefit term.
Top-Up Premium (Ad-hoc Premium) - It allows having additional contrib
Surplus Sharing: By contributing an amount (donation) as
Tabarru, th
Free Look Period
During a 14-day free look period, the customer can review the policy

Minimum Term: 10 years
Maximum Term: 57 years
Tax Free Growth:
Savings are exempted from taxation; however Zakat is levied in case of maturity or
surrender.
Payment Frequency:
The premiums can be made annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly.
Given below is a breakdown of the minimum premium contributions that can be made:
Yearly
Half
Yearly
Quarterly
Monthly
Unit Allocation:
The allocation of the annual basic plan premium to buy units in the chosen funds is as
follow:
Target Market
46. Salaried Individuals
47. Professionals (Chartered Accountants, Consultants, Doctors, etc.)
48. Self Employed Individuals, Proprietorships, Partners and Family concern business
Membership Year
Allocation Percentage
Year 1
60%
Year 2
80%
Year 3
90%
Year 4 &
onwards
100%
Bonus Allocation
Year 6 &
onwards
3%
Adhoc premium
100%

49. Landlords, Housewives & Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign
Remittances.
50. Government / Semi Government employees and Employees of Armed Forces.
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18-65 years of age.
Maximum age at Maturity up to the age of 75 years.
Documentation Required
Documentation:
65. Complete auto debit form with customer’s signatures,
66. Copy of CNIC/NICOP/POC/Smart ID (original seen by Sales)
67. Declaration form and T&C signed by customers.
Claims:
At time of claims, the beneficiary needs to contact Jubilee Life at (021) 111-111-554
and submit the following documents.
43. Original Policy Documents
44. Claim Forms A, B, C, D
45. Complete Medical /Treatment Record including all Clinical Notes at the onset of the
treatment
46. Death Certificate issued by Hospital and NADRA
47. Attested CNIC of both the life assured and claimant(s)
48. Intimation wherein Date of death and Cause of death should be mentioned by the
claimant
However, in case of Murder, Suicide or Accidental Death following mandatory
requirements should also be added:
15. Post Mortem/ Autopsy Report (Attested)
16. News Paper Cutting of the event (Attested)
17. Police First Information Report (FIR) (Attested)
18. Medico Legal Report (Attested)
Note: Further requirements can be asked for depending on the case.
Contact Details of Claims Department:
Claims Department,
Jubilee Life INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED,

74 / 1 – A, Lalazar, M. T. Khan Road,
Karachi – 74000, Pakistan
Phone – Head Office: 92-21-35205095, 92-21-35205094 , 021-111-111-554
Fax: 92-21-35610959
E-Mail: info@jubileelife.com
Associated Charges
9. Investment Management Charges: 1.5% p.a. of fund value
10. 5% Bid offer spread
11. Administration Charges
12. Applicable Mortality Charges
13. Fund Switching: Rs. 500 after first four free switches in a year
Takaful contribution shall be deducted from PIA for the benefit covered to be paid from
IFTPF.
40% of each Takaful Contribution for Benefits covered under PMD