Jubilee Misaal Plan
"Jubilee Misaal Plan" has been designed to provide you with returns and maturity
benefit. The purpose of this plan is to provide you with guaranteed protection benefit as
well as a bonus at maturity on maintaining the policy for maximum number of years
possible. This plan is underwritten by Jubilee Life Insurance
Product Features/ Benefits:
Death
Benefit
Basic Sum Assured under the policy.
Maturity
Benefit
Maturity bonus will be offered in addition to basic Sum Assured at maturity of the plan ba
Term
Bonus Percentage
Surrender
Benefit
No Surrender Benefit will be payable in the first two Policy years. From the Third Policy Y
Surrender Table in the Illustration sheet.
Free Look
Period
Each unit shall be entitled to a Free Look Period of 14 days from receipt of the policy doc
Policy
Loan
At any point of time after the first two policy years, the policyholder can opt for a Policy L
time of loan application.
The Company shall charge an interest on the policy loan to be specified by the Company
Automatic
Premium
Loan
If the Policyholder does not pay premiums for the first two policy years on time then the
However, in case the policy holder fails to pay any premiums due under the policy after t
creating an automatic loan against the net surrender value of the policy. The policy shall
outstanding policy loan and accumulated value of any unpaid premiums) is greater than z
In short, any unpaid premiums shall be recovered by the Company from the Surrender Va
the policy, the policy shall terminate without any value
Product Variants:


Guaranteed Maturity Benefit

Maturity Bonus of 25% at the end of 20 years term.

Fixed Surrender Benefit

Policy Loan Option: Customer can avail 90% of surrender value as a loan from the
company without surrendering the policy

Automatic Premium Loan: In case of non-payment the company will pay the premiums
on customers’ behalf. These along with interest will be adjusted from the surrender
value(s)

Free Look period of 14 days from receipt of policy documents
Term of Plan
Minimum Term: 10 years
Maximum Term: 20 Years
Annual Contribution:
The Premium under the contract shall be based on a Premium Table. The Premium
Table shall display rates per thousand of the Sum Assured selected by the policy holder
in the Illustration.
The rates shall vary based on the Age at Entry of the Policy holder and Term of the
Policy selected by
Target Market

Salaried Individuals

Professionals (Chartered Accountants, Consultants, Doctors, etc.)

Self Employed Individuals, Proprietorships, Partners and Family concern business

Landlords, Housewives & Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign
Remittances.

Government / Semi Government employees and Employees of Armed Forces.
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18-65 Years.
Documentation Required

Complete auto debit form with customer’s signatures.


Copy of CNIC/NICOP/POC/Smart ID (original seen by Sales.

Declaration form and T&C signed by customers.

Suitability Assessment Form
Claims:
At time of claims, the beneficiary needs to contact Jubilee Life at (021) 111-111-554
and submit the following documents.
• Original Policy Documents
• Claim Forms A, B, C, D
• Complete Medical /Treatment Record including all Clinical Notes at the onset of the
treatment
• Death Certificate issued by Hospital and NADRA
• Attested CNIC of both the life assured and claimant(s)
• Intimation wherein Date of death and Cause of death should be mentioned by the
claimant
However, in case of Murder, Suicide or Accidental Death following mandatory
requirements should also be added:
• Post Mortem/ Autopsy Report (Attested)
• News Paper Cutting of the event (Attested)
• Police First Information Report (FIR) (Attested)
• Medico Legal Report (Attested)
Note: Further requirements can be asked for depending on the case.
Contact Details of Claims Department:
Claims Department,
Jubilee Life INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED,
74 / 1 – A, Lalazar, M. T. Khan Road,
Karachi – 74000, Pakistan
Phone – Head Office: 92-21-35205095, 92-21-35205094 , 021-111-111-554
Fax: 92-21-35610959
E-Mail:
Associated Charges
Policy Fee = PKR 250 on every Annual Premium Payment