State Life 3 Payment Plan
Product Features
(Savings and protection plan)
State Life 3 Payment Plan (underwritten by State Life Insurance Corporation of
Pakistan) is a unique endowment assurance as its provides an option to avail the
benefit of 25% withdrawal of the sum assured on the completion of one-third and two-
third term of the policy. This plan provides an option for pre-determined, periodic
withdrawals during the currency of policy. In case of death during the term of the policy,
the plan provides for lump sum payment of full sum assured (irrespective of periodic
withdrawals) to the beneficiaries. This plan is a safe instrument for cash provision at the
time of need. With this plan, the policy holder can secure greater protection and
continued prosperity for the family at an affordable cost.
Product Features/ Benefits:

Savings and Protection Plan

14 days free look up period

Savings & all Benefits are exempted from taxation
Payment Frequency
The premiums can be made annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly. Given below
is a breakdown of the minimum premium contributions that can be made:
Yearly
Half Yearly
Quarterly
Death Reimbursements:
Sum Assured plus Bonuses.
Maturity Benefits:
Sum Assured plus Bonuses
Loan Facility:
After completion of two complete policy years, if the policyholder immediately needs
money, he/she can avail a maximum loan of 80% of net cash value.
Supplementary Benefits or Riders:


Family Income Benefit (FIB)

Accidental Death & Indemnity Benefit (AIB)

Accidental Death Benefit (ADB)

Term Insurance

Waiver of Premium (WP)
Survival Benefits:
On completion of one-third term of the policy, 25% of the sum assured becomes
payable. Likewise, on completion of two-third term of the policy, another 25% of the
sum assured is payable. If this option is not exercised even after the expiry of six
month of the due date, Stat Life allocates special bonus on the due installment.
Term of Plan:
Minimum Term: 18 years
Maximum Term: 30 years (Maximum Maturity Age 75 years)
Target Market

Entrepreneurs

Businessman
78. Lawyers
122.
Doctors
81. Engineers
51. service oriented people
29. viable for newly married and middle class individuals
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18-65 years of age.

Documentation Required
This is a modified form of endowment assurance and is also called ‘Three Payment
Plan’., the plan offers three payments throughout term of the policy. The plan offers
survival benefits equal to 25% of sum insured on completion of 1/3rd and 2/3rd term of
the policy It gives you the opportunity to earn guaranteed bonuses and guaranteed
payouts on your savings. On completion of the term, the 50% balance of the sum
assured plus accrued bonuses are payable. In case of Policyholder’s death (God forbid)
during the currency of the policy State life pays full Sum Assured plus accrued bonuses,
up till then, irrespective of the periodical payments made.
ESSENTIAL DOCUMENTS REQUIRED TO PROCESS DEATH CLAIM
Policy Schedule.
Original Policy Documents.
Death Certificate duly issued by the competent authority i.e. NADRA / Union Council etc.
Copy of valid CNIC of deceased, claimant and identifier.
Claim Forms:
Claim Form A (Claimant Statement)
Claim Form A-5
Claim Form B, (Medical Attendant Statement)
Claim Form C (Identification Statement)
Claim Form D (Employer Statement)
Premium Collection Record.
Claim investigation report (in case of early death Claim)
Note: Claim Form A-5 is to be used where policies stand assigned in favor of
the Provident Fund Department.
BS forwards the same to Bank Operations
Bank Ops scrutinizes the documents and dispatches the same to SLIC/GBA

SLIC/GBA verifies the received documents
SLIC/GBA process the claim and sends documents to SLIC
SLIC receives the documents for claim processing
SLIC issue the claim forms to the claimant
After submission of the claim forms/papers and other requirement if any, SLIC process
the claim
SLIC counter check and process the claim
SLIC sends the claim cheque to GBA
GBA prepares discharge letter
GBA Sends the Claimant Cheque and Claim Amount Discharge Letter to the Bank Ops
Bank Ops Forwards the same to DSFO/respective branch
Beneficiary visits the Bank to collect the cheque
BS calls the beneficiary to collect the cheque in person
BS ensures the claimant by
Original CNIC
Copy of the cheque signed by beneficiary and sends to SLIC/GBA
Signature on Discharge Letter
Bank forwards the original relevant documents to SLIC/GBA
FAQs
What is State Life 3 Payment Plan?
State Life 3 Payment is a unique endowment assurance as it provides an option to avail
the benefit of 25% withdrawal of the sum assured on the completion of one-third and
two-third term of the policy. This plan provides an option for pre-determined, periodic
withdrawals during the currency of policy. In case of death during the term of the policy,

the plan provides for lump sum payment of full sum assure(irrespective of periodical
withdrawals) to the beneficiaries.
What will the schedule be for a 21-year term policy?
• After the first 7 years, 25% of sum assured • After 14 years, 25% of sum assured •
After 21 years, 50% of sum assured plus accrued bonuses.
For whom is the plan suitable?
Businessmen, shopkeepers, factory owners, commission agents, investors and
especially people who need money at different phases in future. Who needs does it
fulfill? To provide financial assistance for: • Establishment or expansion of business •
Children’s marriages • Loan repayment • Hajj or Umrah • Construction of house
What will be Survival Benefits?
On completion of one-third term of the policy, 25% of the sum assured becomes
payable. Likewise, on completion of two-third term of the policy, another 25% of the
sum assured is payable. If this option is not exercised even after the expiry of six
month of the due date, State Life allocates a special bonus on the due instalment.
What will be Maturity Benefits?
On completion of the term, 50% balance of the sum assured plus accrued bonuses are
payable. In case the instalment(s) has not been availed, they also become payable plus
special bonuses allocated thereof.
What are Death Benefits?
In case of policy holder’s death (God forbid) during the currency of the policy, State Life
pays the full sum assured plus accrued bonuses up till then, irrespective of the
periodical payments made. Besides, if the instalments due have not been availed, then
the due instalments plus special bonuses are also paid. So long as the policy remains in
force, the policy holder may surrender the unclaimed instalments plus special bonus.
The aggregate cash surrender value of the two shall not be less than the amount of the
said unclaimed instalments
What riders can be added?
The attachment of the following supplementary contracts to the plan can substantially
increase the benefits of the policy.
•Family Income Benefit (FIB) The Family Income Benefit contract can be added to this
plan on payment of a nominal additional premium. If this contract is issued on insured
life, then on his/her death during the term of FIB contact, in addition to the basic sum
assured, a regular annual Family Income Benefit instalment of at least 10% and at most
50% of the basic sum assured becomes payable till the expiry of the FIB contract to the
heirs of the policy holder.

•Accidental Death Benefit (ADB) If this supplementary contract is issued, then on
accidental death during the term of the policy, the amount equal to basic sum assured
becomes payable.
• Term Insurance With a nominal addition in premium, the term insurance
contract can be added to this plan. If this supplementary contract is issued, then on
his/her death during the term of contract, an amount equal to basic sum assured
becomes payable.
•Accidental Death and Indemnity Benefit (AIB) If this supplementary contract is
issued, then on accidental loss the following benefits become payable:
Accidental Death
Sum A
Loss of two or more limbs by amputation at
or above wrist or ankle
Sum
a
Total and irrecoverable loss of all sight in
both eyes.
Sum
a
Total and irrecoverable loss of all sight in
one eye and loss of one limb by amputation at
or above wrist or ankle.
Sum
a
Loss of one limb by amputation at or above
the wrist or ankle joints.
One-ha
Total and irrecoverable loss of sight in one
eye
One-th
Loss of thumb and index finger of either
hand by amputation at or above
metacarpophalangeal joints.
One-fo
For other injuries on total disabilit
Weekly
On partial disability
One-fo
On permanent and total disability
Annual
premiu
•Waiver of Premium (WP) This supplementary contract provides the coverage of
waiver of all future premiums in case the policy holder becomes totally and permanently
disabled as a result of an accident (provided that policy holder is unable to attend
his/her business due to permanent and total disability and income is affected).
Will there be any bonuses on this policy?
State Life announces a bonus for every year. 97.5% of surplus is distributed as bonuses
to all with-profit policies. The statistics till date reflect the constant increase in the
bonus rate. Resultantly, the value of with-profit plan increases year by year.
What about loan facility?
Under this plan, after completion of two policy years, if the policy holder immediately
needs money, he/she can avail a maximum loan of 80% of the net surrender value of
the policy.