State Life Endowment Plan
Product Features
(Savings and protection plan)
State Life Endowment Plan (underwritten by State Life Insurance Corporation of
Pakistan) is a unique saving and protection scheme through which the policy holder can
get a particular amount of money at a specific time speculated on the basis of his/her
future requirements. Endowment plan is most suitable for people who are far sighted
and want to fulfill their future needs. Bank Alfalah Limited in partnership with State Life
Insurance Limited offers Endowment Plan
Product Features/ Benefits:

Savings and Protection Plan

14 days free look up period

Savings & all Benefits are exempted from taxation
Payment Frequency:
The premiums can be made annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly. Given below
is a breakdown of the minimum premium contributions that can be made:
Yearly
Half Yearly
Quarterly
Death Reimbursements:
Sum Assured plus Bonuses.
Maturity Benefits:
Sum Assured plus Bonuses
Loan Facility:
After completion of two complete policy years, if the policyholder immediately needs
money, he/she can avail a maximum loan of 80% of net cash value.
Supplementary Benefits or Riders:

Family Income Benefit (FIB)

Accidental Death & Indemnity Benefit (AIB)


Accidental Death Benefit (ADB)

Term Insurance

Waiver of Premium (WP)
Term of Plan:

Minimum Term: 10 years

Maximum Term: By the age of 75 years
Target Market

Entrepreneurs
79. Businessman
123.
Lawyers
82. Doctors
52. Engineers
30. service oriented people
viable for newly married and middle class individuals
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18-65 years of age.
Documentation Required
Documents:
Complete auto debit form with customer’s signatures
Copy of CNIC/NICOP/POC/Smart ID(original seen by Sales)
Declaration form and T&C signed by customers.
Claims:

The Plan provides a handsome, lump sum amount at maturity or (God forbid) at the
death of the assured. Customer’s beneficiary/Nominee/claimant visits branch for claim.
BS requests for the required documents for the claim
ESSENTIAL DOCUMENTS REQUIRED TO PROCESS DEATH CLAIM
Policy Schedule.
Original Policy Documents.
Death Certificate duly issued by the competent authority i.e. NADRA / Union Council etc.
Copy of valid CNIC of deceased, claimant and identifier.
Claim Forms:Premium Collection Record.
Claim Form A (Claimant Statement)
Claim Form A-5
Claim Form B, (Medical Attendant Statement)
Claim Form C (Identification Statement)
Claim Form D (Employer Statement)
Claim investigation report (in case of early death Claim)
Note
Claim Form A-5 is to be used where policies stand assigned in favor of the Provident
Fund Department.
BS forwards the same to Bank Operations
Bank Ops scrutinizes the documents and dispatches the same to SLIC/GBA
SLIC/GBA verifies the received documents
SLIC/GBA process the claim and sends documents to SLIC
SLIC receives the documents for claim processing

SLIC issue the claim forms to the claimant
After submission of the claim forms/papers and other requirement if any, SLIC process
the claim
SLIC counter check and process the claim
SLIC sends the claim cheque to GBA
GBA prepares discharge letter
GBA Sends the Claimant Cheque and Claim Amount Discharge Letter to the Bank Ops
Bank Ops Forwards the same to DSFO/respective branch
Beneficiary visits the Bank to collect the cheque
BS calls the beneficiary to collect the cheque in person
BS ensures the claimant by
Original CNIC
Copy of the cheque signed by beneficiary and sends to SLIC/GBA
Signature on Discharge Letter
Bank forwards the original relevant documents to SLIC/GBA
FAQs
What is the State Life Endowment Plan?
State Life Endowment Plan is a unique savings and protection scheme through which
the policy holder can get a particular amount of money at a specific time speculated on
the basis of his/her future requirements. Endowment Plan is most suitable for people
who are farsighted and want to fulfill future needs.
For whom is the plan suitable?
This plan is suitable for entrepreneurs, businessman, lawyers, doctors, engineers,
service oriented people and teachers. It is also a viable plan for newly married couples
as middle class individuals with limited income.

What need does it fulfil?
For personal and family future needs, funds can be availed for the following: •Income
generation after retirement •Establishment or expansion of business •Children’s
education and marriage •Purchase of land or construction of house •Loan repayments,
etc.
What are the benefits of the Endowment Plan?
That plan provides a lump sum amount at maturity or at the death of the assured
Endowment Plan is issued on with-profits basis. The sum assured and terms of policy
are determined in accordance with the future needs and paying capacity of the policy
holder.
What will be the Maturity Benefits?
Sum assured plus bonuses are payable by State Life on completion of term of policy.
This amount fulfils the dreams of financial security of the policy holders and their near
and dear ones.
What will be Death Benefits?
In case of death of the life insured (God forbid) during the currency of policy. State Life
pays the sum assured plus accrued bonuses up till that point in time. This lump sum
payment provides financial security to the family and dependents, when they need it
most.
What riders can be added?
The attachment of the following supplementary contracts to the plan can substantially
increase the benefits of the policy:
•Family Income Benefit (FIB) The Family Income Benefit can be attached to this plan
on payment of a nominal additional premium. If this contract is issued, then on his/her
death (God forbid) during the term of FIB. In addition to the basic sum assured, a
regular annual Family Income Benefit instalment of at least 10% and at most 50% of
the basic sum assured, depending on payment of additional premium, becomes payable
till the expiry of FIB to the nominee of the policy holder.
•Accidental Death Benefit (ADB) If this supplementary contract is issued, then on
his/her accidental death (God forbid) during the term of policy, an amount equal to
basic sum assured becomes payable.
•Accidental Death and Indemnity Benefit (AIB) If this supplementary contract is issued,
then on accidental loss the following benefits become payable:
Accidental Death
Sum
Loss
of two or more limbs by amputation
at or above wrist or ankle.
Sum
Total
and irrecoverable loss of all
sight in both eyes.
Sum

Total
and irrecoverable loss of all
sight in one eye and loss of one limb by
amputation at or
above wrist
or ankle.
Sum
Loss of one limb by amputation at or above
the wrist or ankle
joints.
One
Total and irrecoverable loss of sight in one
eye
One
Loss
of thumb and index finger of
either hand by amputation at or
above
metacarpophalangeal joints.
One
For other injuries on total disability
We
On partial disability
One
On permanent and total disability
Ann
pre
•Term Insurance With a nominal addition in premium, the term insurance contract can
be added to this plan. If this supplementary contract is issued, then on his/her death
(God forbid) during the term of contract, an amount equal to basic sum assured
becomes payable.
•Waiver of Premium (WP) This supplementary contract provides the coverage of waiver
of all future premiums in case the policy holder becomes totally and permanently
disabled as a result of an accident (provided that policy holder is unable to attend
his/her business due to permanent and total disability and income is affected).
Will there be any bonuses on this policy?
State Life announces a bonus every year according to its actuarial valuation. 97.5% of
surplus is distributed as bonuses to all with-profit policies. The statistics to date reflect
the constant increase in bonus rates. Resultantly, the value of with-profits plan
increases year by year.
What about loan facility?
Under this plan, after the completion of two complete policy years, if the policy holder
immediately needs money, he/she can avail a maximum loan of 80% of the net
surrender value of the policy. Note: For further details and interpretation of privileges
and conditions of the policy, please contact our staff or the nearest State Life office.