State Life Sadabahar Plan
Product Features
(Savings and protection plan)
State Life Sadabahar (underwritten by State Life Insurance Corporation of Pakistan) is
an anticipated endowment type with profits plan that provides a lump sum benefit at
certain ages during the premium paying term or an earlier death. In addition, this plan
has a built-in Accidental Death benefit (ADB) rider, so that the policy holder gets a
cover for an additional sum assured in case of death due to accident. This plan is a safe
instrument for cash provision at the time of need. With this plan, the policy holder can
secure greater protection and continued prosperity for the family at an affordable cost.
Product Features/ Benefits:

Savings and Protection Plan

14 days free look up period

Savings & all Benefits are exempted from taxation
Payment Frequency
The premiums can be made annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly.
Given below is a breakdown of the minimum premium contributions that can be made:
Yearly
Half Yearly
Quarterly
Death Reimbursements:
Sum Assured plus Bonuses. Built-in ADB rider
Maturity Benefits:
Sum Assured plus Bonuses
Loan Facility:
After completion of two complete policy years, if the policyholder immediately needs
money, he/she can avail a maximum loan of 80% of net cash value.
Supplementary Benefits or Riders:

Family Income Benefit (FIB)


Accidental Death & Indemnity Benefit (AIB)

Term Insurance

Waiver of Premium (WP)
Special Bonus:
If the option to withdraw an installment of 20% of the basic sum assured is not
exercised on the due date, or within six months after the due date, a special bonus will
automatically be added to the policy at the end of six months.
Term of Plan:
Minimum Term: 12 years
Maximum Term: 30 years
Target Market

Entrepreneurs

Businessman
80. Lawyers
124.
Doctors
83. Engineers
53. service oriented people
31. viable for newly married and middle class individuals
Eligibility Criteria
The plan is available to all Bank Alfalah Limited customers between 18-65 years of age.
Documentation Required
State Life Sadabahar is an anticipated endowment type with-profit plan that provides
lump sum benefit at certain stages during the premium-paying term or on earlier death.
On completion of 1/3rd of the policy term, 20% of basic sum assured can be taken by

the policyholder. Another 20% of the sum assured can be taken on completion of 2/3rd
of the policy term and the remaining 60% of basic sum assured plus accrued bonuses
(if any) shall be payable at the end of the policy term Premium (Maturity). Death
benefits: Full Sum Assured plus accrued bonuses are payable on death of insured at
any time while the policy in force. In addition if death occurs as a result of an accident,
an additional amount equal to one basic sum assured subject to maximum limit.
ESSENTIAL DOCUMENTS REQUIRED TO PROCESS DEATH CLAIM
Policy Schedule.
Original Policy Documents.
Death Certificate duly issued by the competent authority i.e. NADRA / Union Council etc.
Copy of valid CNIC of deceased, claimant and identifier.
Claim Forms:
Claim Form A (Claimant Statement)
Claim Form A-5
Claim Form B, (Medical Attendant Statement)
Claim Form C (Identification Statement)
Claim Form D (Employer Statement)
Premium Collection Record.
Claim investigation report (in case of early death Claim)
Note: Claim Form A-5 is to be used where policies stand assigned in favor of
the Provident Fund Department.
BS forwards the same to Bank Operations
Bank Ops scrutinizes the documents and dispatches the same to SLIC/GBA
SLIC/GBA verifies the received documents
SLIC/GBA process the claim and sends documents to SLIC
SLIC receives the documents for claim processing

SLIC issue the claim forms to the claimant
After submission of the claim forms/papers and other requirement if any, SLIC process
the claim
SLIC counter check and process the claim
SLIC sends the claim cheque to GBA
GBA prepares discharge letter
GBA Sends the Claimant Cheque and Claim Amount Discharge Letter to the Bank Ops
Bank Ops Forwards the same to DSFO/respective branch
Beneficiary visits the Bank to collect the cheque
BS calls the beneficiary to collect the cheque in person
BS ensures the claimant by
Original CNIC
Copy of the cheque signed by beneficiary and sends to SLIC/GBA
Signature on Discharge Letter
Bank forwards the original relevant documents to SLIC/GBA
FAQs
What is State Life Sada Bahar Plan?
State Life Sada Bahar is an anticipated endowment type with-profits plan that provides
a lump sum benefit at certain stages during the premium paying term or on earlier
death. In addition, this plan has a built-in Accidental Death Benefit (ADB) rider, so that
the policy holder gets a cover for an additional sum assured in case of death due to an
accident. This plan is a safe instrument for cash provision at the time of need. With this
plan, the policy holder can secure greater protection and continued prosperity for the
family at an affordable cost..
What are its Admissible Ages and Terms?
This plan is available to all members of the general public aged 20-60 years, to the

nearest birthday. Both males and females may purchase this plan. Terms offered in this
plan are 12,15, 18, 21, 24, 27 and 30 years..
What are Survival Benefits?
•On completion of one-third of the policy term, 20 % of the basic sum assured can be
taken by the policy holder. Another 20% of the sum assured can be taken on
completion of two-thirds of the policy term. The remaining 60% of the basic sum
assured plus accrued bonuses (if any) shall be payable at the end of the policy term in
the event of the survival of the assured.
•If the option to withdraw an instalment of 20% of the basic sum assured is not
exercised on the due date, or within six months after the due date, a special bonus will
automatically be added to the policy at the end of six months. In this event: 
-On the death of the assured, while the policy is in-force, this special bonus will be
payable in addition to:
I. basic sum assured, other reversionary bonuses accrued on the policy the amount of
any instalment left with State Life. 
II. On the maturity date, the special bonus will be payable, together with all the
instalments of the sum assured remaining with State Life, in addition to regular
reversionary bonuses accrued on the policy. 
III. So along as the policy remains in-force, the policy holder may surrender the
unclaimed instalment of sum assured together with the related special bonus. The
aggregate cash surrender value of the two shall not be less than the amount of the said
unclaimed instalment. 
IV. The reversionary bonuses, as per usual practice, will continue to be allocated each
year on the basic sum assured (if in-force), as and when actuarial surplus is declared.
However, the unclaimed instalments of the sum assured and the related special bonus
will not participate in State Life’s actuarial surplus..
What are Death Benefits?
The full basic sum assured plus accrued bonuses are payable on the death of the
insured, any time, while the policy is in-force. In addition, if death occurs as a result of
an accident, an additional amount equal to one basic sum assured, subject to a
maximum limit, will be paid. The usual maximum on the ADB of Rs. 8 million will apply
and premium will be calculated accordingly..
What are its Supplementary Contracts?
Excluding the ADB rider, all supplementary contracts that can be attached to an
anticipated Endowment Plan, are attachable to this plan..

How much Bonuses will be provided?
This policy will participate in State Life’s surplus, rates of reversionary bonus applicable,
other than any special bonus, will be 25% higher than those applicable on other plans..
When the Premium will be provided?
Level premiums will be payable throughout the term of the policy. Premium rates are
dependent on age and term..
What is the Surrender Value and Loan Value?
Policies issued under this plan will acquire a surrender value after they have been in-
force for at least two full years and no premiums are in default. As with all surrender
value products, a policy loan is also available under this plan. State Life will grant the
policy loan against the policy’s surrender value on the written request of the policy
holder. The rate of return or profit, and other terms and conditions, will be determined
by State Life at the time of granting the loan..
What are the Paid-up Values and Non-Forfeiture Options?
The policy holder can convert this plan into a paid-up policy by making a written
request. The conditions relating to paid-up conversion are that the policy has been in-
force for at least two full years and no premiums are in default. Once the policy
becomes paid up, no further premiums are payable; the policy’s sum assured is
accordingly reduced and the policy ceases to participate in State Life’s surplus. The
reduced paid-up sum assured will be quoted by State Life upon the policy holder’s
written request..
What are Automatic Non-Forfeiture Options?
The traditional ‘Automatic Premium Loan’ and ‘Automatic Paid-up’ options are also
offered under this plan. The automatic option activates when the policy has acquired
value and a premium remains unpaid beyond the grace period.