Credit Card
Product Features
Description
Visa
Classic
Ultra Cashback
Gold
Platinum
Annual Fee
Basic: 5,000
Basic: 8,000
Basic: 10,500
Basic : 20,000
Joining Fee
No
No
No
No
Orbits
1 on PKR 200
No
1 on PKR 200
Accelerated
Orbits
-
-
2X on FCY
Sign-up bonus
50 Orbits
-
100 Orbits
250 Orbits
Cashback
program
No
7% Cashback on
selected categories
PKR 12,000 yearly/
PKR 1000
monthly*
No
Alliances
Discount
Upto 20%
Upto 20%
Upto 20%
Upto 30%
Helpline
24/7 helpline
Dedicated help
Travel Program
No
No
No
Jetsetter- 3X (
booking, class
Concierge
services
No
No
No
Yes
Shapes
No
No
No
5 visits/50k sp
CIP Lounge
No
No
No
Free Visit
Majestic
Lounge
No
No
No
No
Intl Lounges
No
No
No
Up to 6 free vi
Premier
Lounge
No
No
No
Yes
Supplementary
Upto 6 supplementary cards per basic card can be issued on all cards through a p
Installment
Programs
A host of installment programs for Consumer Durables (Cellphones, Generators, A
outstanding amount, balance transfer facility from other banks’ credit cards along
from 0% interest*
Sectors restricted for Credit Card Acquisitions

Sectors restricted for lending previously have been removed except 3 sectors
mentioned below and will be approved by Head – CIU:

Hospitality industry (Hotels / Restaurants)

Entertainment (Cinemas / Parks – TV Channels excluded)

Travel / Airlines
Important Terms & Conditions for CIP Lounges
CIP Lounge is only applicable on international travel
Only CIP Lounge of Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad are included in the offer
One guest is allowed on Premier Platinum & Platinum Credit Card
Customer just needs to present his Bank Alfalah credit card at the lounged to enjoy
access to CIP lounge
PKR 1 transaction will be made to validate the activation of card
Offer is valid on both basic & supplementary cards
For more information, call our helpline at 021-111-225-111 or visit
www.bankalfalah.com.
WHAT IS JET SETTER?
Jetsetter is a Travel Rewards Redemption Program, through which all customers
having Platinum Credit Card and Premier Platinum Credit Card customers and for all
those customers whom are as tagged Orbit 9 can redeem Orbits against below travel
services where Premier Customers (Non-Credit Card) can avail Jet Setter only as per
below criteria:

Airline ticket booking (Round the world)

Class upgrade (from Economy to Business)

Hotel booking (Only for International Countries)
For Orbit 9 Premier Customers (Non-Credit Card):
Orbit 9 Premier Customers can now also avail Jet Setter facility by meeting below
mentioned criteria.

Minimum benchmark for Jetsetter Orbit redemption is 5,000 Orbits in order Book Ticket,
Class Upgrade or Book a Hotel for Jet Setter.

Customer be required to maintain a balance of PKR 1 Million (Rs.1, 000,000) at the time
of Jet Setter point’s redemption.
HOW IT WORKS:

As an Alfalah VISA Platinum Credit Card customer you are automatically enrolled for the
Jetsetter program. On every spend of PKR 200 you will earn 1 Jetsetter Orbit on Local
transactions and 2 Jetsetter Orbits on International transactions on your Alfalah VISA
Platinum Credit Card.
1 Jetsetter Orbit for Redemption = PKR 3
1 Jetsetter Orbit for Purchase = PKR 3
1 Jetsetter Orbit if adjust against Taxes = PKR 3
Note: All Jet Setter Redemption, Purchase and Adjusting against Taxes will
be PKR. 3/-
OTHER BENEFITS/SERVICES:
Jet Setter Priority Pass:
It’s a part of Jetsetter program, you will get a free priority pass to over 1000 airport
lounges across the globe with 6 free visits. Cardholders with international spend of up
to PKR 1 million or a total spend of PKR 2.5 million in 12 months qualify for a priority
pass. The free visits expire within a year of receiving the Priority pass.
Complimentary Visa Assistance:
As a jetsetter, getting a Visa is easier than ever. Now get complete information on
procedures and documentation from our travel desk for any Visa around the world.
Below E Form would be initiated for the request.
Concierge Service:
Through concierge service customer can order anything without leaving the comfort of
your home. Be it gifts and flowers for your loved ones and your order will be delivered
to at your doorstep.
Product Categories:
There are 12 types of Product Categories that are available under which Products can
be booked:

Flowers

Dry Fruits & Fruits

Cakes

Chocolates

Perfumes


Desserts

Mathai and Halwa

Gift Card and Certificates

Greeting Cards and Posters

Islamic Gifts

Corporate Gifting

Leather Goods
Product Types
There are 7 Credit Card variants and the same are as follows.
92. Bank Alfalah Visa Premier Platinum Credit Card
93. Bank Alfalah Visa Platinum Credit Card
94. Bank Alfalah American Express® Gold Credit Card
95. Bank Alfalah Visa Gold Credit Card
96. Bank Alfalah Visa Ultra Cashback Card
97. Bank Alfalah Visa Classic Credit Card
98. Bank Alfalah Master Optimus Credit Card
Target Market
Card
Variant
Premier
Platinum
Platinum
&
Amex
Titanium
Gold
Classic
Ultra
Target
Market 37.
Upper Class
38.
Wealthy
Achievers
39.
Frequent
Travelers
40.
Top
Executives
7.Affluent
Class
8.Privileged
Segment
9.Senior
Executives
0.Frequent
Travelers
7.Elite
Middle
Class
8.Aspiring
Affluent
9.Middle
Manage
ment
3.Hard Core Middle
Class
4.Comfortably Off
5.Middle Management
6.Occasional
Travelers
Fledging
Middle
Class
Utilitaria
Fresh
Starters
Expense
Manage

Eligibility Criteria
Income Criteria
LTM
STM
Govt / AMF /
LEA
SEB /
SEP
Type
ETB/RH
NRH
ETB/RH
NRH
ETB/RH
NRH
All
Perm
50,000
50,000
50,000
75,000
Contractual
50,000
Payroll
50,000
LTM: Large Target Market (Approved A&B GOP/Payroll & STS/Armed Forces/Salaried
STM: Small Target Market (Approved C&G/ Unapproved/ Self-employed businessmen &
self-employed professionals.
RH: Rich Hit (customer with 12+ month history in bureau)
NRH: Non-Rich Hit
Multiples
Income
<50K
50K-100K
>100K
Income
<100K
100K-200K
>200K
Income
All Income Segments
Debt Burden:
Income
SAL
RH
NRH
All income segments
4

*Allowed DBR for all segments irrespective of income has been restricted to 40%
Employment Tenure Criteria
Segment
Permanent/1st Party
contractual
Outsourced 3rd Party
Contractual
LTM
1 month
3 months
STM
3 months
6 months
Staff
Currently employed
SEB/SEP
12 months
Others
6 months stream of income
Relationship Based Segments
Customer Segments
LTM
Category A, B, Government Employees, Armed
Forces
STM
Category C,G and Unapproved companies
Self employed
Self-employed businessmen and professionals
Relationship Segments
Payroll (BAW)
Individuals mandated by their respective
companies to maintain salary accounts with Bank
Alfalah
Asset
Relationship
Customers
Salaried/self-employed having active asset
relationship with acceptable repayment history of
at least 6 months
Bank Alfalah
Employees
Permanent, contractual & outsourced employees
of BAL.
Liability Cross
Sell Customer
Salaried / self-employed having at least 6 months
of relationship maintaining account transactional
activity (at least 3 transactions every month)
Minimum & Maximum Age
Card Applicant
Max Age
Primary
Self-employed 70 years
Supply
No Age limit
**Min deposit criteria to be mentioned with asterisk for premier platinum card

Current Account: Average quarterly balance of PKR 3 million or above; or, -
Savings Account: Average quarterly balance of PKR 7 million or above; or, -
Current and Bancasurrance (Combination): PKR 2 Million Current Account
and PKR 1 Million Bancassurance or,
Assets Under Management (AUM): PKR 10 Million AUM* including at least
PKR 2 Million in Current Account
Documentation Required
Card Variant
Platinum
Amex
Titan
For
Salaried Applicants
Copy of Computerized
National
Identity Card (CNIC)
Current salary slip/salary letter
with
breakup
In case of companies not on
panel,
bank account statement
required which reflects 3 months’
salary credit
Note: If the bank statements
are
photocopied they should contain
the following
Bank stamp
Signature of the
Authorized
Signatory
Application Form
Copy of
Computerized
National
Identity
Card (CNIC)
Current salary
slip/salary
letter
with
breakup
Additional
documents may
be
required on a
case-to-case basis
Copy
Natio
Curre
break
In cas
panel
requir
salary
Note:
are
the fo
Bank
Signa
Autho
For
Self Employed
Applicants
Copy of Computerized
National
Identity Card (CNIC)
Computerized personal
bank
statement (on original bank
letterhead) for last six months
Application Form
Copy of
Computerized
National
Identity
Card (CNIC)
Personal bank
statement
Copy
Natio
Comp
bank
letter

(on
original bank
letterhead) for last
six months
For Self-employed
Businessmen:
Tax
returns, NTN,
Bank certificate or
any other proof of
business
For Self- Employed
Professional:
Copy
of professional
degree and
relevant supporting
documents
Additional
documents may
be
required on a
case-to-case basis
For
Supplementary Card
Applicants
Copy
of Computerized National
Identity Card (CNIC)
*Additional
documents may be
required on a case to case basis
Supplementary
Application Form
Copy of
Computerized
National
Identity
Card (CNIC)
Copy
Ident
*Add
requ
Additional
Requirements
Partnership deed and
personal
account statements of
partners/company accounts
statements (if any) for last
six
months
Bank letter/certificate
confirming
proprietorship/partnership
(in case of proprietorship/partnership)
Latest Form A or Form 29
-
Partn
perso
partn
statem
mont
Bank
confir
(in ca
Lates
Memo

or
Memorandum/Articles of
Association (in case of private limited
company
Personal
account
balances/statements (in
case of private limited company)
Recognized
professional
degree/membership
certificate to professional associations
(in case of
professionals
(in ca
Perso
accou
case o
Recog
degre
profe
profe
Transactional Information
Limit Bracket:
Transactional Information
Premier
Platinum
Platinum
Amex
Mastercard Optimus
Go
Minimum Limit
300,000
300,000
150,000
125,000
75,0
Maximum Limit
7,000,000
7,000,000
7,000,000
1,000,000
650,
Related TATs
Platinum
Gold
No. of Days
FAQs
How much is my credit limit?
Your credit limit is the maximum amount of credit approved in writing by Alfalah. It is
the amount that can be accessed through your Credit Card Account. It also appears on
your monthly statement.
How is my credit limit assigned?
The credit limit assigned to you is based on your income, net worth, and credit
worthiness determined from the information provided by you to us.

What Is the minimum amount I have to pay?
{Principal Balance * 1% + Over Limit Amount (if any) + SBS Instalment (If any) +
Total Billed Markup + Total Billed Charges} or PKR 500, whichever is higher. If you
make a minimum payment, interest will be charged on the remaining balance after due
date, so it will cost more and take longer to clear the balance. Interest free period is
also lost if any balance of the previous month’s bill is outstanding.
How and where do I make my monthly payments?
You can make your monthly payments by:
1.Digital
Alfa or Internet Banking
ATM
1Bill or IBFT
2.Branch
Paying cash over the counter at any Bank Alfalah Limited branch.
Presenting cheque at any Bank Alfalah Limited branch.
3.Drop Box
Sending a cheque/pay order/draft in the name of Bank Alfalah Credit Cards through the
designated 40 Drop Boxes located at Bank Alfalah Limited branches.
4.Auto Debit for Bank Alfalah Limited customers.
What should I do if I have changed my address?
You can inform us about your new mailing address by either sending a signed written
request to Bank Alfalah Credit Cards, or by calling our helpline. Q. What do I do If I
encounter a problem with my Card Account? If at any time, Customer can call at 24-
Hour helpline at 111-225-111 or write directly to Bank Alfalah Consumer Finance, 23-H,
Gulberg II, Lahore.
What should I do if my Card is lost/stolen?
If your Card is lost or stolen, please report by calling our helpline.
What If I have a discrepancy/error in my monthly statement?
If you notice any error or discrepancy in your monthly statement, report the matter to
our helpline and confirm it in writing to our Customer Services within 7 days of your

statement receiving date. In order to check statement entries and keep track of all your
transactions, retain all your sales slips and printed receipts.
Can I exceed my assigned credit limit?
Yes, in case of medical emergencies or travel purposes you can exceed your assigned
credit limit with the prior approval of the Bank. In case, you exceed the limit without
the Bank's prior approval, your Card will be subject to Excess Limit Charges as per the
Schedule of Bank Charges.
How many supplementary cards can be issued on a single basic card?
A single basic card holder can request up to 6 supplementary cards.
Can a customer use his /her card for online shopping?
Yes, Bank Alfalah Credit Cards are by default enabled for e-commerce transaction.
However, in case customer has ever de-activated the internet based session, customer
should call our helpline to activate the session for specific duration.
Can Credit Card be used abroad or outside Pakistan?
All Alfalah Credit Cards can be used abroad at any location accepting Visa / MasterCard/
American Express. The card is accepted at over 30 million locations in more than 200
countries.
Can retail transactions be converted to SBS / Installment Plan?
Yes, Bank Alfalah Card holders can convert any transaction with minimum amount of
Rs.3000/- and above to a step by step payment plan. It gives the Card holder the
flexibility to convert his/her large payments into small/equal monthly installments (EMI).
How is the interest charged on the outstanding amount?
If the Cardholder effects payment of any amount less than the Current Balance then
outstanding on or before the applicable payment due Date, the Cardholder agrees to
pay a service fee as per Schedule of Bank from the transaction date of the current
balance then outstanding in the Card Account until the amount paid in full, as detailed
in the Statement of Account to which such payment relates. Also, all transactions being
made in the meanwhile, till the full outstanding amount is paid, would be subject to the
service fee at the same rate.
Does Bank Alfalah offer Credit Advance Facility?
Yes. The cardholder can utilized credit advance facility up to 50% of the credit card
limit.
What is Alfalah credit cover facility?
With the Alfalah Credit Cover, customer is insured against any unfortunate temporary or
permanent disability or death. Alfalah Credit Cover allows payment of the outstanding
monthly amount in case of temporary disability and in the unfortunate event of
cardholders’ death coverage twice the amount of outstanding provided debt. Credit up

Cover facility is available for a minimal fee, charged automatically on the card balance
every month as per SOC. Note: Maximum age to attain this facility is 75 years and after
that age bank cancelled the Credit Cover Premium (CCP)
How will I know if my card has a chip?
When you receive your new card you will see a small gold shaped square on the top left
hand side of your card
From which email address Credit Card E-Statement being sent to the
customer?
Credit Card E-Statement is being sent from e.statement@bankalalah.com.
From which number will I receive my transactional SMS Alerts?
Bank Alfalah uses its official short code 8287 for its branch banking and Credit Card
customers. You will receive both transactional and promotional messages from 8287.
What are the maximum number of characters can be embossed on Card?
Maximum 19 character can be embossed including spaces.
What is the Credit Card cancellation and NOC process TAT?
Below are the TAT’s Credit Card cancellation and NOC Process
Credit Card cancellation – 3 Working Days
Duplicate NOC Request – 3 Working Days
When can customer re apply after for his new Credit Card request if customer
request is declined?
Customer can apply after 6 months.
Can officer confirm cancellation reason to an applicant?
Yes, Phone Banking Officer would communicated reason to the customer.
What are Contactless payments?
Contactless payments use short-range wireless technology to securely complete
payments between a Contactless-enabled card and a Contactless-enabled POS terminal.
A Contactless card is a chip card that has a near-field communication (NFC) antenna,
which enables close-range payments. When customers tap their Contactless card at a
NFC-enabled POS terminal, it is sent for authorisation.
How does this technology compare to mobile wallets, like Apple Pay?
Contactless payments use the same NFC (Near-Field Communication) technology as
mobile wallets, such as Apple Pay and Google Pay.

What are the benefits of contactless payments?
Contactless payments are easy. Customers simply tap their Contactless card on the POS
terminal. They are fast and convenient to use in places where customers need to pay
on the go. Further, Contactless payments are secure as for extra security PIN will be
asked and helps customers keep better records of their purchases compared to cash.
Can customers use their Contactless card on a non-Contactless terminal?
Yes. If they don’t see the Contactless symbol, they can still use their Contactless card at
an EMV checkout terminal by inserting their card. However, customer needs to enter 4
digit unique PIN code at the time of transaction to successfully authorize the transaction.
Are Contactless cards safe?
Yes. Contactless Visa cards are safe for a number of reasons:
Each transaction is accompanied by a one-time code that securely protects your
payment information, just like with a chip card.
Contactless payments are based on international EMV chip security standards and the
most advanced and widely adopted cryptographic security.
Customers can’t pay accidentally. Their card or device must be within 1-2 inches of the
Contactless-enabled terminal for the transaction to occur (and they won’t be billed twice,
even if they accidentally tap twice).
How close the card does need to be from the Contactless terminal?
The card or device should be held no more than 1-2 inches (about 4 cm) away from the
payment device.
Can I knowingly make a purchase if I am in close proximity to a Contactless-
enabled payment terminal?
No. The technology behind tapping to pay requires the merchant to initiate the
payment. Next, the Contactless card must be tapped or held within 1-2 inches of the
Contactless-enabled terminal in order for a transaction to take place.
Do I have to sign any slips?
Contactless card is simple and convenient, merchants that accept Contactless do not
require you to sign for small purchases (PKR 1,500 or below). However, for your
protection, purchases over PKR 1,500 generally require a signature or PIN.
Bank Alfalah Master Optimus Credit Card (New)
Q1. What are the key offers on MasterCard Optimus?
A. Following are the key offers on MasterCard Optimus,

50% Cashback on Netflix
0% BTF Offer – first three month
2x Orbits on Foreign Currency
2x Orbits on Online Transactions
Joining Bonus
Q2. What is the criteria to avail 50% Cashback on Netflix?
A. Below is the offer and its criteria,
• 50% cash back option is available on Netflix subscriptions (ranging PKR. 950 to PKR.
1,500 a month)
• Offer shall be availed within the first three months of card acquisition
• The cash back offer is valid for one time only
• Cashback can be availed by subscribing through basic and supplementary card
individually
• Maximum capping for cashback is PKR. 750
• In order to qualify for the cashback, customer should be subscribed for three
consecutive months
• Cashback shall be credited manually after the end of three months. Same shall be
reflected on customers next statement
Q3. I have subscribed myself for the Netflix plan after passing of four months.
Am I still eligible for the offer?
A. No, the offer is valid for initial three months of cards acquisition. A cardholder should
remain subscribe for this service for subsequent three months to qualify for the
cashback amount.
Q4. I am a supplementary card holder. Can I subscribe to this service and
receive cashback?
A. Yes, supplementary card holder can also subscribe to this service in order to be
eligible for the cashback offer. However, benefit is passed to basic cardholder only, as
cashback amount is credited into basic cardholder statement.
Q5. I have been charged in USD instead of PKR for the Netflix subscription
plan. Do I still qualify for the cashback offer?
A. No, this offer is only valid for Netflix Pakistan and transactions billed in PKR.
Q6. What is the criteria to avail 0% BTF offer?
A. 0% Offer on BTF is valid for three months only;
• 0% BTF can be booked with 3 month installments plans
• This offer is applicable only on fresh acquisitions and existing Titanium credit cards
upgraded to Optimus

• BTF processing fee is waived off
• Customer can place the BTF request within 90 days from the card issuance date
Q7. I have been using Bank Alfalah Optimus Credit Card from last six months.
Can I opt for 0% BTF offer?
A. No, this offer can only be availed within the first three months of card acquisition.
Interest free period on BTF plan is valid for subsequent three months only
Q8. I am a supplementary cardholder. Can I avail 0% BTF offer?
A. No, this offer is only valid for basic card holders.
Q9. What are the offerings for accelerated Orbits on MasterCard Optimus?
A. 2x Orbits can be earned on following transactions conducted by MasterCard Optimus,
• Foreign Currency Transactions
• E-commerce (Online) Transactions
Transaction Type
Local
International
E-commerce
Q10. When will customer eligible for Joining Bonus?
A. MasterCard Optimus Credit Card holders are eligible to earn 250 orbits as joining
bonus.
To eligible for Joining Bonus customer shall activate MasterCard Optimus Credit Card
and perform a single transaction irrespective of any amount and channel
Q11. What is the Annual Fees and spend base criteria for reversal?
A. Customer shall be charged following annual fees on both basic and supplementary
card,
Category
Basic
Annual Fees
PKR. 8,500
Spend Criteria
PKR. 40,000 spend in two months
Important Conditions for Spend Base Criteria,
1. Customers need to need spend the required threshold in two months from the
statement date in which annual fee is levied
2. Reversal on supplementary card shall require additional spend volume as defined
above, however, cumulative spend on either basic or supplementary card can be

considered for reversal
3. Transactions not to be considered for spend base reversals:
a. All service charges and other fees
b. Cash Advance
c. Utility Bill Payments
d. Balance Transfer
Jetsetter – Orbit Redemption FAQ’s
1. Do we offer this reward program to all credit card customers?
• No, Jetsetter is a Travel Rewards Redemption Program which is offered to all
customers having Platinum Credit Card and Premier Platinum Credit Card customers and
for all those customers whom are tagged as Orbit 9.
2. How can I enroll in this Reward program?
• All platinum and Premier Platinum Credit Card cardholders and Orbit 9 Customers are
automatically enrolled in this program.
3. How will I earn Jetsetter Orbits on my Platinum Card?
• Customer will earn Jetsetter Orbits on retail spend transactions which includes both
online and
POS.
4. What services/products can I avail against my jetsetter orbits?
• Platinum cardholder can avail the following services/product against jetsetter orbits
i. Airline ticket booking (Round the world)
ii. Class upgrade from (Economy to Business)
iii. Hotel Booking (Only for International Countries)
5. Which E Form will be logged in order to forward Jetsetter Orbit
Redemption Request
• Below E Form will be logged in order to forward Reward Redemption Request
E-Form Name Concierge Travel Limit
6. If I don’t have the sufficient Jetsetter orbits, do we have the option to
purchase Orbits?
• In order to purchase Jetsetter orbits you have at least 50% Jetsetter orbits available
in your platinum.
7. Can customer avail orbit purchase option by himself using Internet
Banking or Alfa?
• No, travel desk agent will make arrangements to adjust the short orbits from the
Platinum Credit Card of the customer.

8. Can I adjust the tax amount against my jetsetter Orbits?
• Yes, you can adjust tax amount against Jetsetter orbits but the value of 1 orbit is
equal to PKR 3.
9. How can I purchase the jetsetter Orbits and what is the jetsetter Orbits
value in case of Orbit purchase?
• You can purchase the Jetsetter orbits at PKR 3 each. The amount of purchased orbits
will be charged from your platinum card at the time of ticket issuance.
10. Can I use my other banking orbits to avail tickets/upgrade class/hotel
booking?
• No, You can avail tickets/upgrade class/hotel booking services against your platinum
card orbits.
11. What is the value of one Orbit in the Jet Setter reward program?
• The value of 1 Orbit under the Jetsetter program is PKR 3.
12. What is the TAT of pre booking for International Travel and Domestic
Travel?
• The Pre Booking TAT of 15 Working Days for International Travel and 5 Working Days
for Domestic travel should be guided but this would be subject to seat availability.
13. When the customer will be called once the request has been initiated by
the Contact Centre for Travel related requests?
• Customer will be called on the same day if he calls before 05:00 pm and next day if
called after 05:00pm.
14. What if customer informing the market price of the ticket and would only
like to inquire the amount /orbits against which BAL is offering the ticket?
• In this scenario, contact center agent will provide the required information to the
customer, according to the value of the orbits BAL is offering in Jet Setter program.
15. Can customer opt for the orbit purchase option if he/she would like to
adjust his taxes amount from the orbits?
• Yes, customer can avail the orbit purchase option not only to adjust tax but also to
adjust base fare + tax amount if customer fulfill the following requirement:
• Against 1 orbit PKR 3 will be deducted from customers Platinum Credit Card.
• 50% of the total orbits required to adjust tax amount & base fare should be available.
16. Which hotels customer can book through Jet Setter program?
• Pakistan customer can book any hotel around the world from 3 star to 5 star except
Pakistan.

17. Is there any other payment option apart from orbits and Credit Card for
the customers to pay applicable tax on his/her ticket?
• No, there is no other option apart from orbits and credit card.
18. What are the prices of Hotel and Ticket Class upgrade?
• Hotels and ticket class upgrade prices will be quoted by travel desk officer.
19. Is it necessary that customer should call from the registered number for
Jetsetter redemption?
• Registered number is not mandatory for Jetsetter redemption request but call back
will be arranged on customer’s registered number.
20. Can Supplementary cardholder redeem Jetsetter orbits?
• No
21. Is there any discount on the Hotel Booking?
• Up to 15% discount on the Hotel Booking which is on selected hotels. Complete detail
of the discount will be communicated by the Travel Desk officer once the customer will
receive the call back.
22. Are my Jetsetter Orbits exchangeable for cash?
• Jetsetter Orbits accumulated in the program have no cash or monetary value and thus
no cash can be claimed by the Cardholder from Bank Alfalah Limited against
accumulated Jetsetter Orbits.
23. Will all types of transactions earn me Orbits?
• No Jetsetter Orbits will not be given to the Cardholder against cash advance or cash
withdrawal, fees and charges, balance transfer, pay order, credit advance and
insurance transactions.
24. Are my jetsetter orbits exchangeable for other rewards?
• Redeemed rewards are not exchangeable for other rewards, refundable, replaceable
or transferable for cash or credit, under any circumstances.
25. Can I refund my Jetsetter orbits?
• Jetsetter Orbits once purchased cannot be refunded and will have the same expiry
period as per policy.
26. If customer’s account is delinquent. Can he/she request for the Jetsetter
redemption?
• Jetsetter Orbits will not be redeemed against delinquent accounts that have not
paid/settled their outstanding amount for the past 60 days or more. Moreover, all
earned Jetsetter Orbits shall expire immediately.

27. What happened to my Jetsetter if will cancel my Credit Card?
• In case the Cardholder voluntarily closes his/her Card, Jetsetter Orbits accrued during
the tenure of the Card membership will expire immediately without any notice.
28. What happened to my Jetsetter if my account (Credit Card) is terminated?
• If the Basic Cardholder’s Account is terminated at any time for any reason, whether
by the Cardholder or by Bank Alfalah Limited, the Cardholder and Supplementary
Cardholders shall be disqualified from participating in the program.
29. What is the validity of the Jetsetter orbits?
• Jetsetter Orbits will have an expiry up to 3 years from the time these Jetsetter Orbits
are earned subject to non-redemption by the customer within the stipulated expiry
period. Bank Alfalah Limited reserves the right to extend or reduce Jetsetter Orbits’
expiry period with intimation to the customer.
30. What is PNR?
• PNR stands for passenger name record. Once the ticket is booked, the concierge desk
will send a PNR number to the customer on call or send an e-ticket to the customer’s
email address.
Jetsetter – Concierge Service FAQ’s
1. Approximately how many number of Tohfay products we are offering
under Concierge Services?
• We are offering more than 150 Products under Concierge Services.
2. In which cities Tohfay Product can be delivered to the customer?
• Nationwide
3. What are the Delivery timings of delivering a Product to customer?
• Delivery of items will be between 11AM – 7PM.
5. Which E form Phone Banking officer needs to login to take customer
product delivery request under concierge services?
• Below E Form will be logged in order to forward Reward Redemption Request
E-Form Name Restaurant - Booking / Concierge - Tohfay
6. What would be the Standard Delivery charges of delivering a Tohfay
product to the customer?
• Standard Delivery will incur no charges where exact delivery date and time will be
communicated by concierge officer.
7. What TAT of call back officer needs guide for Concierge Services after
generation of E Form?
• For BAL staff call back time 30 minutes.

• For others, if the E Form generated before 9pm then call back will be made on the
same day and if after 09pm then next Working Day.
8. When can a customer cancel his order?
• Order needs to be cancelled before 24 hours. For cancellation Email could be sent to
QA for the Cancellation as per normal process.
• Order can’t be cancel if customer requests for cancellation on the same delivery day.
9. What is the process of the cancellation of the order booked against
Concierge service?
• For the cancellation, customer needs to call at helpline. On receiving cancellation
request, agent will be initiating an email to the concierge officer and update the memo
on Card Pro.
10. Where customer can customer view Product Details and Lounges details
offered under Concierge Services?
• Customer needs to visit BankAlfalah Commercial Website www.bankalfalah.com (link
will be provided later) for concierge product details and for Lounges details please visit
priority pass website.
11. What customer would be guided regarding the booking, TAT and delivery
of the Products under Concierge Services?
• Customer should be guided as per below grid:
Booking Type
Cities
Standard Delivery
Lahore/Karachi/Islamabad
All Other Cities
(Nationwide)
Booking Order Time
Order can be booked anytime
Order can be
booked anytime
Order Delivery TAT
Order Delivery TAT is 2-3 Days
Order Delivery TAT
is 2-3 Days
Charges
No Charges
No Charges
Urgent Delivery
Booking Order Time
Order must be Placed Before 02PM
Not Applicable
Order Delivery TAT
Order will be Delivered in 5-6 Hours
Not Applicable
Charges
Rs.1,000* (Additional to Product Price)
Not Applicable
Same Day
Booking Order Time
Order must be Placed Before 11AM
Not Applicable
Order Delivery TAT
Order will be Delivered maximum by
07PM
Not Applicable
Charges
Rs. 150* (Additional to Product Price)
Not Applicable
Next Day
Booking Order Time
Order can be booked anytime in the
current day
Not Applicable
Order Delivery TAT
Order will be Delivered next day
Not Applicable

between 11AM to 07PM
Charges
No Charges
Not Applicable
Specific Date
Booking Order Time
Order for a Specific Date
Not Applicable
Order Delivery TAT
Order will be Delivered next day
between 11AM to 07PM
Not Applicable
Charges
Rs.100* (Additional to Product Price)
Not Applicable
*Does not involve FED Charges.
12. What TAT would be communicated to the customer for the all the other
cities except Lahore, Karachi and Islamabad?
• Standard TAT of 2 to 3 Working Days would be guided for cities other than Lahore,
Karachi and Islamabad.
13. What is Specific Date Order refers to?
• An Order which needs to be delivered on the customer specified date is called a
“Specific Date Order”.
14. Can customer requests for the urgent delivery/specific day delivery on
weekend or on any public holiday?
• Yes, but for urgent/same day/specific day delivery, charges will apply.
15. Is there any additional charges on the delivery of the product on any
public holiday?
• No, there is no additional charges specifically on the delivery request on Public holiday
but same day/specific day delivery charges will be charged as per the request of the
customer.
16. Is it necessary that customer should call from the registered number for the
Concierge Service?
• Registered number is not mandatory for concierge services request but call back will
be arranged on customer’s registered number.
17. If customer insists to forward request for the urgent delivery and called
after 02:00 pm, then how an agent will handle the scenario?
• Agents will not refuse the platinum customer in any scenario e.g. if customer calls
after 2 pm from Karachi for urgent delivery then agent should inform that order must
be placed before 02 pm but if customer insists then request will be forwarded and
details will be updated in E-form notes.
Jetsetter – Priority Pass FAQ’s

1. What is a priority Pass?
• It is a Pass in which you can access 1000 airport lounges across the globe and 400
airports round the world.
2. How customer will get the complementary Priority Pass?
• Cardholders with international spend of PKR 1 million or a total spend of PKR 2.5
million (Domestic + International) in 12 months for a priority pass. We will take Priority
Pass issuance request on Commitment by logging an IDM on Card Pro if customer
agrees to spend this amount. If customer fails to spend the required amount then
customer will be charged availed visits as per the list Airport Lounge Rates (Click Here).
3. Is this includes spending of both basic and supplementary cardholders?
• Yes
4. Where customer can use the Priority Pass?
• Priority Pass is the world's leading independent lounge program with more than 1000
lounges covering over 400 airports around the world.
5. How many free visits customer can avail through complimentary Priority
Pass?
• Complimentary Priority Pass is used over 1000 airport lounges across the globe with 6
free visits.
6. Is Priority Pass transferable?
• No.
7. How many lounges are available on Priority Pass
• Currently 1000+ lounges are available on priority pass.
8. In which cities customer can avail free CIP lounge access?
• Karachi, Lahore & Islamabad
9. What customer be charged if he accompanies with a guest if accesses any
of the selected lounges?
• USD$27.
10. What will be the per visit charges after 6 free visits for the customer
accessing these selected lounges?
• Per visit charges are $27 per visit after 6 free visits.
11. Is there any issuance/annual fee on the Priority Pass?
• Yes, annual fee is 10$ but it will be charged if customer fails to spend the required
amount.

12. How Phone Banking officer will log in Priority Pass request?
• Officer will create an IDM request in Card Pro
13. Can we take a Priority Pass request on Spending Commitment?
• Yes, We will take the request and guide customer to meet the spending criteria of
international spend of PKR 1 million or a total spend of PKR 2.5 million in 12 months.
14. If a customer already has Priority Pass issued against his Credit Card, can
he/she still avail 6 free visits on the same Priority Pass?
• If customer would like to avail his/her existing Priority Pass for Jetsetter program to
avail free 6 visits (spend based) then customer should call at helpline and a request will
be initiated via IDM to update existing Priority Pass details on CardPro system
15. What is the validity of the Priority Pass?
• Validity of the Priority Pass is 3 years from the date of pass issuance. However, 6 free
visits will be expired in 1 year.
16. What happened if customer fails to spend the required amount in a year
and has availed the free visits on Priority Pass?
• If customer fails to spend the required amount then customer will be charged $27 per
visit after the completion of one year.
17. Can Supplementary cardholder requests for the Priority Pass?
• Yes, but not against Jetsetter program. Supplementary cardholder will be charged
annual fee and per visit lounge fee. Only basic cardholder can request for the Priority
Pass against supplementary card
18. Is it necessary that customer should call from the registered number for
issuance of Priority Pass?
• Registered number is mandatory for Priority Pass request.
19. From a Phone Banking Officer will going to see how many visits a
customer has made while availing Priority Pass?
• Phone Banking Officer will click on the following Tabs in order to view how many visits
Customers has made while availing Priority Pass?
Complimentary Visa Assistance FAQ’s
What kind of Visa Assistance would be provided while booking a travel under
Jetsetter?
All kind of Visa assistance would be provided including Documentation, Visa Procedures
etc. .

Will there be any specific country for which Visa assistance would be
provided?
Visa assistance would be for all the countries around the world. .
Will there be any charges involved for providing Visa assistance?
No, there would be no charges involved.
Which E Form will be logged in order to forward Customers Complimentary
Visa Assistance Service?
Below E Form will be logged for Complimentary Travel Visa Assistance.
E-Form Name
Concierge Travel Lim
Can Supplementary cardholders also avail Jetsetter program?
Supplementary card holder can only avail complimentary Visa Assistance and Concierge
Services.