Home Finance
Product Features
Alfalah Home Finance helps to fulfill your dream of Owning a home - be that buying,
build a home, renovating or simply switching your present home finance facility from
other bank
Product Features/ Benefits/ Unique Selling Point:
• Competitive Rates- Based on customer profile & relationship
• Most Comprehensive Product Suite
• Advisory Services provided related to Financing & Property.
• End to End Personalized Service - Starting from finding a suitable home to completion,
we assist our customer side by side.
Segment
Debt Equity Ratio*
Salaried
Minimum 20% to 35% equity
Self Employed
Minimum 25% to 40% equity
Others
Minimum 35% to 50% equity
Cities:
All cities with Bank Alfalah branch network
Lahore, Karachi, Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Multan, Abbottabad, Bahawalpur,
Faisalabad, Gujranwala, Hyderabad, Peshawar, Quetta, Sargodha, Sialkot, Jhelum,
Arifwala, Gujrat, Okara, Rahim Yar Khan, Wah Cantt, Sheikhupura, Bahawalnagar,
Depalpur, Jhang, Kotli, Mirpurkhas, Pakpattan, Sahiwal, Sukkur, Chichawatni,
Sadiqabad, Taxila
Type of Mortgag
Equitable or Regist
counsel
Property:
It should be transferable, mortgage able, and free from any charge
Financing Tenure
Minimum 3 years &
Financing Limit:
No Minimum/Maximum Financing Limit
Co-Borrower:
Spouse, Parents, R
*Up to two co-borr
**KIBOR rate (1 year or 6 month) on 1st of the disbursement month is used
Loans Offered:

Home Buyer - you can buy constructed, readymade apartment/ house
• Financing up to 80% of the property’s value
• Property independently evaluated for fair market value
Plot + Build - Facility allows customer to choose /purchase a plot and then construct a
home on it.
• Financing up to 80% of the value of constructed home
• Up to 50% of the total financing eligibility for Plot purchase and remaining for
construction or Up to 60% of the Plot’s assessed value whichever is less.
• Construction part disbursed in 4 Installments in advance
Build Your Home - construct your home on already owned plot (self/ spouse)
• Financing up to 100% of the construction cost.
• Financing disbursed in up to 4 tranches as per construction stage schedule in advance.
Home Improve - Allows customer to get financing for renovating or extending their
existing home
• Disbursed in one time/tranches depending upon the nature of improvement.
Home BTF - transfer your Home Loan obligation to us from another Bank

Transfer up to 100% of the existing finance

Alfalah Green Energy - Avail Financing of solar energy solutions for residential purposes
Tenure Time:
3 to 25 Years (based on Applicant's age) (Except Alfalah Green Energy)
3 to 10 Years for Alfalah Green Energy
Loan Limits:
No minimum or maximum limits (maximum Rs. 5Mn for Alfalah Green Energy)
Product Types
Home Finance Product Suite:
Standard Products:

Home Purchase - Purchase a already constructed or semi-constructed house

Construction on already owned plot - Construct a home on your already owned
plot

Plot Purchase and Construction - Purchase a plot and then construct a house
thereon

Home Improvement - Renovate or expand your existing home.


Balance Transfer Facility - Transfer your home finance to BAFL from your existing
lender.

Home Secure - Mortgage existing plot/house to avail 100% financing for new house

Alfalah Green Energy - Avail Financing of solar energy solutions for residential
purposes
Re-Finance:

Low Cost – Special Segment – SBP refinance scheme for low cost housing for
special segments i.e Widows, Children of Martyrs, Special Persons, Transgender, People
in areas severely affected by terrorism
Low Cost Housing:
Special Segment Features
Financing Eligibilities
Customer Segments
9.Widows
00.
Children of martyrs
01.
Special persons
02.
Transgender
03.
Persons in areas severely affected by terrorism
Loan Amount
Up to Rs.2.7 Million
Loan Tenor
Up to 12.5 Years
Markup Rate
5% flat*
Extent of Refinance
Up to 100% by SBP
Borrower Eligibility
41.
First time home owner
42.
Must not have availed home finance previously
43.
For construction of a new housing unit
44.
Max value of unit Rs. 3 million
45.
The financing for plot to be purchased for constructing h
Note: The cases will be processed as per Bank’s internal policy in addition of SBP
guidelines
Target Market
Applicants:
Single or Joint, (Spouse, Parents, Children, Siblings)
High Net worth Individuals / Premier Banking customers.

Salaried Individuals under Corporate deals, Bundle packages or otherwise.
91. Self Employed Persons:
92. Professionals
93. Businesspersons
With Existing relationship or known business reputation.
60. Expatriate Salaried Individuals.
61. Other Individuals with consistent income streams (Agriculture, Rental, remittances etc
Eligibility Criteria
inancing Eligibilities
Customer Segments:
Age at time of Application:
Min Income Req
Salaried
25 to age of retirement less 3 years
Rs. 75,000
Rs. 50,000/- for (A
Self-Employed Professionals
25-65 years
Rs. 150,000/-
Rs. 100,000 for (A
Business Persons
Others
25-70 years
Non-Resident Pakistani
(Salaried)
25 to age of retirement less 3 years
USD 3,000
or equivalent
Non-Resident Pakistani
(Self-Employed)
25-65 years
USD 4,000
or equivalent
Copyright © 2024 BAFLearn. All Rights Reserved.
Transactional Information
Debit to Equity Information:
Segment
Salaried
Loan Amount >= Rs. 40 Mln - U

Loan Amount > Rs. 20 Mln - Up
Loan Amount <= Rs. 20 Mln - U
Self Employed Professional /Businessperson
Loan Amount up to 30 Mln
75:25for
1) BAFL Relationships (Min 1 yea
2) Self Employed Professionals
3) Other – Rental Income only
70:30for
1) Business persons
2) Expatriates
Others
Loan Amount up to 30 Mln - 65:
Loan Amount up to 50 Mln - 60:
Loan Amount over 50 Mln - 50:5
Related TATs
Home Finance TAT
Salaried Customer
22-33 Working Days*
Self Employed Customer
42 Working Days*
Alfalah Green Energy
30 Days*
*Subject to documents compilation by customer.
FAQs

Who can apply for a BAFL Home finance facility?
We finance to:
37. Corporate Employees
38. Self Employed Businesspersons
39. Self Employed Professionals
40. Salaried Individuals
41. Expatriate Salaried Class Customers
42. Government / Semi Government employees, Employees of Armed Forces
43. Landlords, Retired Individuals with consistent Rental Income/Foreign Remittances
Can I mortgage my property to get a loan?
No, the purpose of the loan is for the defined purposes which are for home buyer,
home build on own plot, plot purchase and construction, BTF
Which cities do you finance?
Bank Alfalah offers Home Finance to all cities where Bank Alfalah branch network exists
Do Bank Alfalah finance in all locations all over the country?
We finance on properties located in DHA Cantt, properties under Development
Authorities (KDA, LDA, RDA, and CDA) properties in Approved and Registered Societies
and acceptable Fard related Properties.
Is home finance facility available for overseas Non Resident Pakistani (NRP)?
Only if they hold valid Pakistani NIC, in addition to their overseas permanent resident
status.
If I do not meet the financial eligibility, can I include my spouse income?
Yes, we allow up to 2 joint-borrowers (blood relatives- spouse, children, parents,
children), to consolidate their income to enhance your financial eligibility.
How much down payment/ Equity shall be required from me?
Up to 30% (vary case to case) is required from you. We finance up to 70% of the
Property Value.
Can I take finance for commercial property?

No, Home finance is only applicable for residential properties.
Where shall I get the assistance/ inquire about my case?
Customers can get in touch with our Sales Staff directly on the numbers given in the
table below:
Can I avail Home Finance to only purchase a plot?
No, you cannot avail a loan to only purchase a plot.
Can I mortgage my property to get a Business loan?
No, for that you will have to apply for SME / Commercial loan
Can I have the property in the name of co-borrower?
Yes
Will co-borrower incomes be added?
Yes, co-borrower income can be added to enhance your financing eligibility.
Do you charge fixed or floating / variable rate of Mark up?
Presently both variable / floating rate option is available in the industry
15.Will my property be insured?
To protect your major long term investment we offer a mandatory life and property
insurance (covers only structural value) at very nominal rate and is built into your
monthly installment.