RDA Roshan Apna Ghar
Product Features
Standard Products

Home Purchase - Purchase a already constructed or semi-constructed house

Construction on already owned plot - Construct a home on your already owned plot

Plot Purchase and Construction - Purchase a plot and then construct a house thereon

Home Improvement - Renovate or expand your existing home.
Salient Features

Flexibility to make partial pre-payments with zero charges after first year

For first year 1% will be charged upon Early Termination after words NO charges will be
levied.

Processing fee Rs. 4,000/- (exclusive of FED)

Optional life Takaful covering death (due to any cause) and accidental/natural disability

Property Takaful (covering the financing amount) absolutely FREE for customers
Product Types
Features
Non-Lien Based
As per standard practice where property to be mortgag
Citizenship
All non-resident RDA accountholders having valid NICO
Product Category
Buy, Build, Renovate
Target Market
Non-Resident Pakistani having RDA accounts including s
Financing Range
·Minimum Rs. 500,000/-
·Maximum No cap (in other variants except renovation)
·Maximum Rs. 10 million (in case of Renovation only)
Financing Tenure
3 to 25 Years
Age (Applicant & Co-applicant / co-
borrower)
Salaried : 25 to 60 years of age of retirement
Non-Salaried : 25 to 65 Years
Number of housing units at a time.
At a time one financing facility may be allowed
Co-applicant
Co-applicant is mandatory. Co-applicant will be an imme
family member like spouse, parents, adult siblings & ch
least one should be permanently living in Pakistan.

Maximum four co-applicants are allowed.
Co-Borrower for income clubbing
Spouse – 100%
Other than spouse – 75%
For the purpose of income clubbing, only a non-residen
Pakistanis can be considered.
Debt to Equity Ratio
·Maximum up to 70% of property value.
·Up to 40 % of property value (in case of renovation on
(Depends on segments & loan amount)
Debt Burden Ratio
45% of the net disposable income
Employment / Business Tenure
Salaried: 2 years
Non-Salaried: 3 Years (2 Years for existing BAFL lending
relationships)
Security
Equitable mortgage for all and token registered mortgag
customers based on their risk profile
Markup Rate
1Year KIBOR + 1.50%
Property Ownership
ØSingly owned – property title in the name of main app
ØJoint ownership – Spouse and/or adult children / bloo
ØIn case where main applicant (NRP) is not available in
considered for property ownership through a GPA given
*RDA – Roshan Digital Account , NPC – Naya Pakistan Certificate
Documentation Required
Salaried

Digital loan application
Copy of work permit / Iqama
Copy of Passport
Copy of applicant &/or Co-Applicant’s CNIC/ NICOP
Scan copy colored photographs of applicant and co-applicant(s) each.
Employer’s certificate including tenor/designation/remuneration details.
Employment Contract (in case of contractual employee)
Latest salary slip.
Bank Statement – last 6 months
Copies/ details of any financing facility being availed in the country of employment or in Pakistan
Copies of latest tax documents (where applicable)
Credit Bureau Report of stay country
06.
Digital loan application
07.
Copy of Co-Applicant’s CNIC/ NICOP
08.
Scan copy colored photographs of applicant and co-applicant(s) each.
09.
Valid proof of income documents