SME Products (Conventional) Alfalah Karobar Finance
Product Features
Alfalah Karobar Finance offers Running Finance, LC, LG and other import and export
related facilities against mortgage of residential/commercial property to SME customers
for expanding their business volumes.
Product Features/Benefits:

No Hypothecation of current assets so no additional expense (insurance)

No need to adjust your full facility.

Up to 25% adjustment on semiannual basis.

Monthly/Quarterly markup servicing

The financing amount ranges from 0.5 to 50 Million.

The financing tenure for the facility will be of 1 year.
Product Types
Running Finance Facility
Target Market

SMEs and Commercials

Firm/companies.

Individuals who are proprietors and partners in these enterprises.
Eligibility Criteria

Applicant must be a Pakistani National Identity Card Holder.

He/she should be between 23 and 60 years of age at the time of the application,
subject to maximum age of 60 on maturity of finance.

He/she must be running a business for at least 3 years with a satisfactory track record.

The security against the finance should be a mortgage of urban residential/commercial
property(ies).

Validity of the financing shall be initially for a period of one year.

Financing facility up to 70% of assessed market value of mortgaged property.

3 times turnover of the limit assigned is required in the account.
Documentation Required
Personal Documents:


CNIC is to be verified through Verisys.

Copy of any latest paid utility bill (preferably electricity) received at the residential
address of the borrower.

Undertaking that the customer is not:

The director, major shareholder holding 5% or more of the share capital of the Bank,
its Chief Executive or an employee or any family member of these persons is interested.
Business Related Documents:
110.
Proprietorship declaration or Partnership deed (in case of partnership firms)
111.
Memorandum and Article of Association
112.
Copies of latest income tax returns and/or wealth statements, if available
113.
Copy of title documents or rent agreement of business premises where property is
rented
114.
Copy of any latest paid utility bill (preferably electricity/telephone) received at
business address
115.
Copy of current professional association/ trade body membership, if available
116.
In case of limited companies, latest audited financials.
117.
In SE cases with financing up to 15 m, financials signed by the borrower shall suffice.
In ME cases for financing above 10 million audited financials shall be required. However,
for cases 10M and below financials along with projected cash flows signed by the
borrower shall be suffice.
118.
Copy of certificate of registration of partnership if registered Partnership mandate
119.
In case of Pvt. Ltd. Company certificate of incorporation shall be obtained.
Registration Process
Visit nearest Bank Alfalah branch or call on our helpline
FAQs
What kind of financing facility does the bank provide under AKF?
It offers running finance, LG, LC and other import/export related facilities against
mortgage of residential/commercial Property.
What is the security that I’ll have to offer to avail AKF?
Urban residential/commercial properties (third party collateral also permissible) along
with personal guarantees of mortgagor/partners/directors.
Is there any age restriction for availing AKF?
Maximum age limit is 60 years for individuals/sole proprietors.

What are renewal requirements?
Renewals shall be subject to regular mark-up payments, clean-up requirements and
healthy turnover in AKF account.
How is the loan entitlement calculated?
Up to 70% of the assessed normal market value of the property and 3 times turnover of
the limit assigned is required in the account.