SME Products (Conventional) Alfalah Gold Loan
Product Features
Bank Alfalah Ltd. and GoldFin (Pvt.) Ltd, as partners have agreed to launch a gold-
backed lending product namely “Alfalah Gold Loan” (AGL). The product will be offered
with mutually agreed responsibilities covering all the dimensions of the product lifecycle.
AGL is a quick & secure financing facility designed for micro, small and medium
enterprises (MSMEs) entities, business individuals and Agriculture sector to meet their
immediate business needs against gold as collateral
Product Feature and Benefits

Secured and collateral backed loan.

Collateral options - Gold (in shape of Bars/ jewelry / ornaments).

Limit up to 75% of the net value of Gold.

Quick turnaround time (in line with industry norms).

Renewal after one year subject to compliance of clean up (if applicable)

No supplementary guarantor required.
Product Types

Bullet (Short Term Finances)

EMI (Equal Monthly Installment Long Term Loans up to 3 years) and

Running Facility (Revolving Line)
Target Market
The brand AGL infers quick loan against the collateral; which is available to Micro, Small and
Medium Enterprise (MSMEs), Agriculture/ Livestock and Business Individuals who can justify
their income. The nature of this product has great potential to overcome the credit difficulties of
above referred entities and help them in meeting their requirement of working capital and
business expansion.
Eligibility Criteria

Applicant / Main Sponsor should be Resident Pakistani National having Valid CNIC (20-
68 years)

Business vintage of at least 2 years (upto PKR 1.00 Million) & 3 years (upto PKR 2.00
Million)

Adequate Collateral – Gold (bar/ jewelry/ ornaments) acceptable to the Bank

Valid Proof of income/ business with experience validation.

Documentation Required
Following are the list of required pre-approval documents:

Prescribed BAFL Loan Application Form (LAF) cum BBFS

Constitutional Documents:
127.
Sole Proprietorships: proprietorship Declaration
128.
Partnership: Latest/Valid Partnership Deed (along with amendments (if any)),
Form C/D (whichever applicable) along with Partners’ Mandate (if applicable)
129.
Pvt Limited Companies: Memorandum of Association (MOA), Articles of
Association, Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Commencement of Business
(where applicable), Latest Form A & Form 29 along with updated list of directors &
Board Resolution (as per Bank’s Format)
155.
Copy of Borrower’s CNIC (sole proprietor, partners, director (s))/guarantors)
156.
NTN Certificate / Verification of the business entity / stakeholders (where
available)
157.
Copy of latest (last 3 months) paid utility bills (business and residence)
158.
Copies of latest Income Tax Returns or Wealth Statements or PNWS on Bank’s
format (whichever applicable) of all stakeholders
159.
Proof of Business – Copies of permission/licenses for business (where applicable)
160.
Business/Personal Account Statement (last 1 year) at all banks (if available)
161.
Financing details at all banks (if applicable)
162.
Audited / In-House Financials as per SBP PRs - Admissible evidence of business
cash flows (if available)
163.
Stock report
164.
Customer Undertaking of Ownership of Gold to be offered as Collateral
165.
Search report in case the applicant is a corporate entity
166.
Conduct report from previous lenders (only in case of over dues)
167.
ü Business Activity / projected cash flow & debt burden report
168.
RM’s visit / GoldFin’s verification report
169.
CIB report along with Data Check Report
The above required document may vary from customer to customer and may be
amended from time to time.
Registration Process
GoldFin staff will onboard customer through marketing campaigns by using their App/Website,
Referrals, appointments. The walk-in customers will be guided by GoldFin staff. They will verify
the provided information, handle customer’s queries and update missing information of
customer as per the required documents.

FAQs
1. What is Bank Alfalah Gold Loan (AGL)?
Alfalah Gold Loan (AGL) is a secured financing against gold where the gold is pledged
as collateral. It can be availed for business expansion, working capital/ purchase of
asset, emergent business need and agriculture/ livestock.
2. Who can get AGL?
AGL is available to all individuals, irrespective of gender, who are managing Micro,
Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) and agriculture, aged between 20-68 years, own
the gold to be pledged (self/close relatives) and can justify the income to repay their
loans.
3. What is the size of the loan?
Customer can avail AGL facility form Rs. 500,000/- to Rs. 32,000,000/-. The value of
the loan is subject to the assessed net value of the collateral and customers’ ability to
repay.
4. What is the criteria to avail AGL?
AGL can be availed by any MSME entities, Business Individual, Agriculture Businesses
and Agriculturists who has gold holding and has the capacity to repay, and meets the
following criteria:-
98. Valid CNIC.
99. Copy of latest paid utility bills.
100.
Valid mobile number.
101.
Valid proof of income/ business with experience validation.
102.
Any other means which can validate customer’s business vintage.
103.
Adequate Collateral – Gold (bar/ jewelry/ ornaments) assessed by Bank’s
panel shroff.
5. What are the AGL variants, tenure and repayment modes?
AGL is offered in following three variants to meet requirements of customers’ as per
their business dynamics.
69. Bullet Loan – up to 12, 24 & 36 months with repayment at the maturity.

69.
For Agri customers: Up to 6 months for crop loans.
However, markup payment on Monthly and/or Quarterly basis.
45. Equal Monthly Installments (EMI) – up to 12, 24 and 36 months
46. Running Finance –12 Months (renewable for maximum three years subject to
satisfactory annual review by competent authority). Markup to be paid on Monthly or
Quarterly basis.
6. How to get AGL loan?
Customer can reach us through
Website: &
Call Center:24/7 Bank Alfalah Call Center 111-225-111
Download:App from Google PlayStore / Apple AppStore
Visit: GoldFin Desk at Bank Alfalah, Akber Chowk Branch, Lahore
7. What kind of gold needs to be pledged?
Gold such as bar, jewelry and ornaments, can be pledged as collateral. The value of the
loan will depend on the purity of the gold and on present value of its net weight equal
to 24 karats. The value of gems, stones, lace and string will not be considered and only
the value of the net weight of gold will be calculated.
8. How the gold will be assessed?
The gold will be only be assessed by the professional and experienced Shroff (saraf/
jeweler) who will have formal agreement with the Bank and GoldFin. He will check the
purity of gold, determine gross weight and net weight of the gold and will declare
present value of the gold in relation to the 24 karats value of gold. After the assessment,
Shroff will issue a Shroff Certificate and will seal the collateral in the unique numbered
tempered proof security bag. Once the bag is sealed, it will be signed and stamped by
the Shroff and customer. The sealed bag is the assurance that the collateral has been
secured in the condition as handed over at the time of sealing the bag. Once the loan is
fully repaid, customer will be handed over his/ her collateral in its secured sealed
position.
9. How the Gold collateral will be secured?
Once the Shroff Certificate has been issued and gold is secured/ sealed in the security
bag, it will be reviewed for the strength and validity of the security by the GoldFin gold

expert, if satisfied it will be double sealed in another temper proof security bags in the
presence of the customer, who will authenticate and confirm his/ her satisfaction in the
process by signing on the second bag. Then, the bag will be taken over by the Bank for
safe custody in their respective vault. The pledged gold will be insured for its accepted
collateral value to cover situations of threats to collateral like; mishandling, fraud or
theft.
10. How much loan amount I can get against the value of my gold collateral?
The loan amount will be determined against the present market value of the net weight
(24 Karats) of the gold collateral after taking into account the market fluctuations that
may affect the price of the gold in future with relative impact on the loan amount and
other charges.
11. How quickly gold loan is approved?
The process has two distinct streams, loan approval and account opening.
For loan approval, customer has to qualify for AGL as per defined criteria, once the loan
is approved, customer will be requested to bring his/ her gold collateral for the
assessment.
In parallel, the customer has to go through the process of account opening with the
Bank as per SBP regulations, including biometric verification and completion of required
documentation.
Once the account is opened, the loan will be disbursed in the customer bank account or
through banker’s cheque.
12. Can loan be paid before its maturity? And is there any charges on early
repayment?
The option to pay-back the loan amount before its maturity is available. There will be a
charge as defined in policy or through circular issued from time to time.
13. What will happen if Gold Loan is not paid?
The customer is expected to have adequate financial means to repay the loan and that
is an important condition at the time approval. Now, the customer condition fails to
service the loan, the Bank will give adequate warnings for repayment of outstanding
dues, failing which the Bank has the right to sell / auction the gold collateral and
recover the entire loan amount (principal, markup and other charges) and thereafter
the excess amount will be credited in the customer’s account.
14. What are the charges of assessment of Gold?

There are nominal charges of assessment of gold which are agreed with the panel
shroff/s. The gold assessment fee will be directly paid to the Shroff in his account
maintained with Bank Alfalah Limited by the customer.
15. What charges are involved in the processing of AGL?
Processing Fee will be charged as per below details:
1% of approved limit or Min. Rs. 10,000 whichever is lower – for fresh loans.
0.5% of approved limit or Min. Rs. 5,000 whichever is lower - rollover and repeat
(within 6 months).