SME Products (Conventional) PM Kamyab Jawan Youth Program
Product Features
In order to provide self-employment opportunities to unemployed youth, Government of
Pakistan had launched “Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan SME Lending Program” across
the country in Jul-2019, which was later renamed as Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan
Youth Entrepreneurship Scheme (PMKJ-YES) in Jul-2020. Bank Alfalah has been
nominated as Participating Bank in Phase-2 launched on 12-Aug-2020.
Loan Structure

Long Term Loan / Working Capital Loan including Murabaha and leasing/ financing (for
Machinery/Equipment & locally manufactured vehicles (one vehicle per borrower))
Tier
Limit Caps
(PKR)
Pricing
Debt/Equity
Participation
Tier 1 (T1)
From 0.100M to
1.000M
3.00% p.a.
New Businesses: 90:10
Existing Businesses: Nil
Tier 2 (T2)
From 1.001M to
10.000M
4.00% p.a.
New Businesses: 80: 20
Existing Businesses: Nil
Tier 3 (T3)
From 10.001M to
25.000M
5.00% p.a.
Loan Tenor
Upto 8 years with maximum grace period of upto one year.
Security Requirements

Security arrangements will be as under:

T1 loans: Clean; however only personal guarantee of the borrower

T2 & T3 loans: As per bank’s own credit policy

Vehicle financed under T1, T2 and T3 to serve as collateral
Gender Equality

25% of the loans will go to women borrowers.
Eligibility Criteria


All men/women/transgenders holding CNIC, aged between 21 and 45 years for
individual/sole proprietor or any one of the stakeholders (however 18 for IT
professionals/E-Commerce) with entrepreneurial potential.

Small and medium enterprises (startups and existing businesses) as per definition of
SBP and owned by youth as per above-mentioned age brackets are also eligible.

For IT/E-Commerce related businesses, at least matriculation or equivalent education
will be required.
Target Market
All business segments/sectors spread across Pakistan, including Agriculture.
Registration Process
130.
Apply through PMKJ-YES Online Portal (www.kamyabjawan.gov.pk) with an
application processing TAT of 30 days.
-Terms and Conditions Apply.
FAQs
What is the Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan Youth Entrepreneurship Scheme?
In order to provide self-employment opportunities to unemployed youth, Government of
Pakistan has launched “Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan SME Lending Program” across
the country in Jul-2019, which was later renamed as “Prime Minister’s Kamyab Jawan
Youth Entrepreneurship Scheme” (PMKJ-YES) in Jul-2020. The scheme is similar to
“Prime Minister’s Youth Business Loan” (PMYBL) scheme, which ceased to exist upon
launch of new initiative.
How and where can I get information about this scheme?
All the information regarding loan scheme is available on
https://kamyabjawan.gov.pk/home/yesprogram. Besides, you can contact nearest
branches of participating banks for guidance and assistance.
Who can apply?

170.
All men/women holding CNIC, aged between 21 and 45 years with
entrepreneurial potential are eligible. For IT/ E-Commerce related businesses, the lower
age limit will be 18 years.
171.
Small and medium enterprises (startups and existing businesses) as per
definition of SBP and owned by youth as per above mentioned age brackets are also
eligible.
172.
For IT/E-Commerce related businesses, at least matriculation or equivalent
education will be required.
How can I apply for this loan?
Simply fill the form at the following link/ address and submit:
104.
Any borrower having any age deviation from the SBP policy.
105.
Non-resident Pakistan Nationals
106.
Serving Government Employees
107.
Close Blood Relatives of Bank Employees or themselves at same bank
108.
Any borrower not compliant with SBP/BAFL’s AML/KYC/Credit policies or
expressing inability to comply.
109.
Forged / Mis-stated information submitted during application process.
110.
Enterprises in which any of the Bank’s director, major shareholder holding
5% or more of the share capital of the Bank, its Chief Executive or an employee or any
family member of these persons is interested.
111.
Loan Defaulters not meeting the BAFL’s policy parameters
112.
Legally incapacitated person.
113.
Credit SWAP Customers i.e. existing borrowers availing financing facilities
from same / other banks shall not to be shifted under PMKJ-YES.
Do borrowers have to submit any written application at certain Bank?
No, all borrowers have to submit online applications over Official PMKJ-YES Portal at
following URL, by opting the Bank of Choice from a drop-down menu & fill all
details: (Detailed Manuals annexed)
Who are Executing Agencies (EA) (Banks)?
Presently, following 21 Banks are participating as Executing Agencies (EA) in order to
avail financing under the Scheme, Bank Alfalah being one of them.
70. Allied Bank Limited
71. Albaraka Bank Limited

72. Askari Bank Limited
73. Bank Al Falah
74. Bank Al Habib
75. BankIslami Pakistan Limited
76. Bank of Khyber
77. Bank of Punjab
78. Dubai Islamic Bank Limited
79. Faysal Bank Limited
80. First Woman Bank Limited
81. Habib Bank Limited
82. Habib Metropolitan Bank Limited
83. JS Bank Limited
84. MCB Bank Limited
85. Meezan Bank Limited
86. MCB Islamic Bank Limited
87. National Bank of Pakistan
88. Sindh Bank Limited
89. Soneri Bank Limited
90. United Bank Limited
How applicant can check the status of application?
47. The applicant can access official PMKJ-YES website at following URL to check present
application status; ()
48. Furthermore, the applicant shall be receiving an SMS update form official PMKJ number,
whenever application status is changed i.e. (Submitted (Over Portal), In Process
(Marked by Bank), Approved or Rejected (Marked by Bank)). The applicant may also
contact the concerned bank official, who shall initiate the correspondence upon receipt
of application at the Bank.
What is the loan sanctioning process?
Loan sanctioning process, generally, consists of following stages:
NADRA Verification of Credentials after online application submission
Telephonic verification by bank of applicant after initial screening
Verification of applicants credit history through SBP
Physical verification of applicant. For new business applicant the proposed site of
business along with residence will be verified and for existing business, there business
location will be verified.
Analysis of business feasibility provided by applicant

Credit decision by bank based on risk analysis
If approved, then applicant must provide timely security/collateral as well as required
equity contribution.
The above processes are given as a general guideline only, the exact process may vary
from bank to bank according to their own internal processes. Applicant must prepare
themselves accordingly for a vigorous verification procedure. The processing time of an
application depends on the volume of applications received by each bank. This is a 5
year program and processing will be done accordingly. New applicants will be processed
on first come first served basis. To reduce the time of process, applicants are requested
to have themselves prepared for a rigorous verification procedure.
What type of documents would be required from the applicant?
The applicant should adhere all documentary requirements (Pre-Submission) while
making online application submission at official PMKJ-YES portal (as per provided
instruction manuals). The Bank shall require submission of additional documents /
information as per their credit policy / discretion to augment the financing request for
consideration of approval.
What would be the disbursement process if the application is approved by
the Bank?
The sanctioned amount is calculated after an extensive credit decision making process
and may be less than the amount applied for by the applicant. After a loan is
sanctioned and customer is notified through SMS and applicant has accepted the offer,
following steps are required to be taken:
Applicant has to open an account with the bank
Deposit required equity
Provide collateral, if required
Execute legal forms
Applicant has to fulfill all pre-disbursement formalities as mentioned in the Offer Letter.
Loan shall not be disbursed until all formalities as required in the offer letter are
completed.
What if the application is rejected by the Bank?
The concerned Bank shall inform the applicant regarding approval or rejection, which
may be represented with relevant office for clarification. However, any application

under PMKJ-YES should not be construed for approval as a matter of right & shall be
reviewed / approved strictly in line with SBP’s directives as well as Bank’s internal credit
policy
If the Bank selected over PMKJ-YES Portal does not have a Branch office near
business place?
The concerned Bank shall inform SBP / PM office regarding non-presence in respective
area who shall redirect the applicant to amend their application. In case, the applicant
discovers such fact later, they may amend their application over the portal at their end
(subject to availability of option).
Are there any processing charges by Banks / EAs?
The EAs / Banks will charge PKR 100/- as loan processing fee for loans under this
Scheme.
Does the scheme encourage Women to avail the financing?
As per SBP instructions, the scheme shall facilitate women borrowers to avail upto 25%
of the overall loans.
Does the scheme hold a preference for certain business sectors or
geographies?
As per SBP instructions, all business segments / sectors spread across Pakistan,
including Agriculture are eligible to apply for the scheme.
What are the major financing features?
Long Term Loan / Working Capital Loan including Murabaha and leasing/ financing (for
Machinery /Equipment & locally manufactured vehicles (one vehicle per borrower))
Tier
Limit Caps (PKR)
Markup Rate
Debt/Equity
Participation
Tier 1 (T1)
From 0.100M to 1.000M
3.00% p.a.
New Business: 90:10
Existing Business: Nil
Tier 2 (T2)
From 1.001M to 10.000M
4.00% p.a.
New Business: 80: 20
Existing Business: Nil
Tier 3 (T3)
From 10.001M to
25.000M
5.00% p.a.
The Borrower’s contribution of equity would be in the form of cash or immovable
property and will be required after approval of loan.

Security arrangements will be as under:
T1 loans: Clean; however only personal guarantee of the borrower
T2 & T3 loans: As per bank’s own credit policy
Vehicle financed under T1, T2 and T3 to serve as collateral
What is the repayment tenor for financing scheme?
The repayment of financing under the Scheme will be allowed up to 8 years with
maximum grace period of upto one year (subject to approval).
What is the markup rate for end users?
End-User Markup rates would be 3% p.a. fixed (for Tier-1), 4% p.a. fixed (for Tier-2), &
5% p.a. fixed (for Tier-3).
What is the duration of the scheme?
Phase-1 of the scheme was launched in Jul-2019 with 03 EAs/Banks, whereby Phase-2
has been launched by SBP on 10-Jul-2020 & formally announced by Federal
Government on 12-Aug-2020. The scheme shall remain effective till further instructions
from SBP / Federal Government.
What is the turnaround time for EAs / Banks for loan sanction?
EAs / Banks shall not take more than 30 working days for credit approval process from
the date of receipt of complete information. However, the processing time of an
application depends on the volume of applications received by each bank.
To reduce the time of process, applicants are requested to have themselves prepared
for a rigorous verification procedure.
Can a non-resident Pakistani apply?
No. This scheme is only for resident Pakistanis.
Can I repay the loan in full before the contracted maturity period?
An applicant can repay the loan in full any time before the loan maturity date. The
penal charges for such early repayment would be subject to terms negotiated with the
bank.
What type of assets can be provided as a security?

You can offer vehicle, land, ornaments, public security or private security. Public
security is investment in government bonds while private security is investment in any
bond/company shares. However, the security should be acceptable to the Bank as per
their Credit Policy.