ALFA Goal-Based Saving
Product Features
A hassle free savings facility that allows customers to save for their specific goals by
breaking down a big savings amount into small micro instalments which are debited
from customer’s account automatically on a daily/weekly/monthly basis as instructed by
the customer.
Product Feature / Benefits / Unique Selling Points:

Secured deposit (Saved amount gets secured/locked until the goal is completed,
ensuring that the savings is not utilized before the entire goal is completed)

Flexible savings plan (Customers can select any amount to save, duration to complete
saving, desirable frequency of deduction for saving – daily, weekly, monthly, fortnightly)

Automated Savings (Based on customer’s savings plan, saving will be done
automatically with the auto debit feature and deducted amount will be saved for the
created goal without any manual input unless auto debit is unselected. Customer will
have both options)

Trackability/Transparency of Saved amount (With goal tracker option, customer will be
able to see the progress of his saving goal - % completed, amount paid, amount left –
and will have option to make extra payments for early completion of goal)

Free Insurance (Customers get free insurance of their goals upto Rs.500k in case of
death or permanent disability where the bank completes the goal of the customer max
up to Rs.500k and gives the amount to the next of kin).
Eligibility Criteria
All Alfa customers (Branch Account holders, Digital Account holders)
Registration Process
Download and Login on Alfa. Go to “Savings”. Tap on “Goal-Based Saving”
Transaction Information
Minimum Goal Amount is Rs. 5,000 and Maximum amount is Rs. 500,000.
Transactional Limits for Wallets will apply as defined under Branchless Banking
regulations laid by State Bank of Pakistan.
Related TATs
All TATs are on Real-Time basis.

FAQs
What is the purpose of Goal-Based savings product? What does it do?
With Goal-Based saving, you can easily save towards your goals. First you set any
desirable goal on Alfa for example Car, Bike, Child education, Hajj, Umrah, Vacations
etc, then you enter a goal amount which is required to complete your goal, you select
the duration to complete the goal and Alfa automatically deducts payments from your
account with its Auto debit feature to help you complete the goal. Furthermore, you get
free reminders of your payments due. 100% free insurance coverage is also given to
customers for their remaining instalments of the goal. You can create multiple goals
and easily track their completion/ remaining instalments and manage them accordingly.
What are the sources from which we can use Goal-Based Saving?
Wallet and Account
What type of insurance is given?
Upon permanent disability or in case of death, remaining amount for the goal up to Rs
500,000 is insured.
What is the amount limit for Goal-Based Saving?
Min 5,000 and Max 500,000.
Can payments be made from all types of Accounts? What about Credit card,
Debit Card, and Orbits?
All accounts available in Alfa except for credit card, debit card and orbit.
Is there any limit on number of Goals creation?
No limit, but the sum of all the goals should not be greater than 500,000.
Are there any charges associated with, non-auto debit, late deduction of
installment, cancellation etc.
No charges yet.
What happens with Auto debit?
With auto debit, your goal instalment payments are deducted automatically from your
account based on your payment details. No manual payments are required
What is length of characters of creating Goal Saving name?
Modified name can be created by selecting others and Max length is 24 character
including space
Are Islamic Accounts eligible to use Goal-Based Saving?
Yes

How much amount should be there in customer’s account or wallet for
creating a goal?
Amount of at least first instalment of the goal should be in customer’s account for goal
creation
How much amount should be maintained in the account for completing the
goal?
Amount of at least the next instalment amount should be maintained at all times during
the goal tenure.
How do I fund my wallet account to create a goal?
You can deposit money in your wallet account through FT/IBFT, or by depositing money
through any Bank Alfalah branch, Easypaisa or Jazzcash agent.
Can I complete a goal before the duration/tenure that I have set for it?
Yes. You can top up your instalment payments from “Goal tracker” section to early
complete a goal.
What will happen when my goal is completed?
Upon successful completion of the goal, the entire goal amount collected will be
credited back in your account.