Alfa School Fee Payments
Product Features
Whether you are a full-time working official or a stay-at-home parent, either way it is
quite a hassle having to make those monthly trips to the bank and stand in long queues
to pay your kid’s school fee. Alfa app enables you to pay your kid’s school fee online
and hassle-free. Alfa currently has 50 plus schools listed for online fee payment and it is
the only banking app that’s offering a cashback of 1000 rupees on first school fee
payment.
Payment Methods – School Fee Payments:
Bank Alfalah Wallet
Bank Alfalah Account
Bank Alfalah Credit Cards
Orbits
Customer's Journey - How Customer sees ALFA
All Details are Automated:

Select Payment Method / Account Type

Select School

Student Roll Number
This will Auto Fetch the details.
No chance of error at customers’ end.
School will share student list in excel format to upload in bank’s system
School Fee Payments - Process:
Schools will be asked to share below details in the User ID Form:
• Institution Name & Type
• City
• POC Name
• Address
• Email
• Validity Period - This period depicts the expiry of the Fee Bill

• Maker & Checker Profile Info
School Fee Payments - Process:
User Id:
School will be provided with a User ID form where necessary details including details of
maker and checker profiles will be provided by school, this is a mandatory requirement
for activation of school fee payments
Maker:
This person will be responsible for providing and uploading the Fee records of the institute
Checker:
This person will evaluate the records uploaded by the Maker and will “Approve” or
“Reject” the uploaded file as required
Documentation Required
Settlement Process
Settlement will be done real time into the School’s Bank Alfalah account, there will be
no charges for school fee payment transactions
Reporting Portal:
School will be given visibility of payments via reports in Bank Alfalah school fee
portal. The portal will depict necessary transaction details for successful payments
Registration Process
The process to Make Payment is simple:

Download Alfa

Open new Alfa Account with Promo Code ‘SC’

Deposit cash in your Alfa Account through online transfer or from any Alfalah Branch

Go to Payments > Fee Payments > School Fee Payment

Select School Name

Input Student Roll Number

Pay School Fee


Get cashback in your Alfa Account
School Fee Payments – Maker Profile (Steps)
Step 1: Maker will login to School Fee Payments portal via his credentials and will click
on “Click here” to upload Fee file
Step 2: Maker to prepare and upload Fee File as per given template
Necessary Fields:

Roll Number

Challan Number

Student Name

Amount before Due Date

Due Date

Amount after Due Date
Step 3: Maker to prepare and “Upload” Fee File as per given template, once uploaded
maker will “Submit” the request
Step 4:

Once file is uploaded, status of Successful and Failed records will be shown

Successful records can be exported for record keeping c) Failed records can be
exported as well with Failure reasons mentioned d) School user can correct the Failed
records and upload the failed records again
Step 5: Once File is submitted, maker would be able to view the status of the uploaded
file in the main view:
Step 6: Checker will login to School Fee Payments portal via his credentials and will be
able to view the requests pending for approval
Step 7: Checker can click on “View” to review records uploaded by the Maker
163.
For Approving the file, checker will click on “Approve”

164.
For rejecting the file, checker will click on “Decline”
165.
User will select “Exit” in case he does not want to take any action at that time
Associated Charges
187.
No fee will be charged to customer for fee payment via Alfa App
188.
No fee charged by BAFL direct clients. However, fee may be be charged by 3rd
party fee collection service like Kuick pay, pay pro etc.
FAQs
From where can the school download the Fee File template?
The fee file template is available on the school fee portal, it can be downloaded by the
maker. It is also recommended to use the provided template file for fee uploading to
avoid any inconvenience
Records are shown in “Failed” status, what could be the issue?
Please ensure that the data is provided as per the given format. “Failed” record will be
shown if data is not provided as per given field format. Please ensure that all mandatory
fields are also provided, below are the mandatory fields:
144.
Fee Month – to be in Date format as per template • Roll number – Alphanumeric
Format
145.
Student Name – Alphanumeric Format
146.
Monthly/Quarterly Pay – To be mentioned as either “MONTHLY” or
“QUARTERLY”
147.
Fee Amount – to be in numeric format
148.
Due Date – to be in Date format as per template
149.
Fee Amount After Due Date – to be in Numeric Format
How can the fee bill validity be determined by School?
The validity period will be requested from the bank at the time of School fee payments
activation, the fee bill will expire once the validity period is over. The fee bill cannot be
fetched in Alfa App once the validity period is over.
From where can the school check the History of uploaded Fee Files?
The History of files uploaded and their relevant status are shown in school fee portal.
Maker can be able to view the status against his uploaded files, whereas, the checker
can see the history of the approved/rejected files.
Customer is disputing an additionally paid school fees, how will this be catered?
97. School will receive the complaint from parent/Bank Operations team,
98. School Admin will reconcile the fees paid against the Roll number
99. If the transaction is additionally Paid, School will share reversal consent with Bank Alfalah
100.
Bank Alfalah will process reversal as per consent of school

101.
In case School processes the reversal via cash, or adjusts the fee for next
month, they will inform both the customer and Bank Alfalah
Customer is disputing the accuracy of the details on display at Alfa?
School Admin to check the uploaded file in School Fee portal and take necessary action.
Such issues will also be raised with School Admin by Digital Operations Team of Bank
Alfalah
What if Customer pays the fees after Due Date?
Customer will be charged “After Due Date” charges provided by school and shown on
the School Fee Payments interface of Alfa App.
How will the customer be notified for a successful transaction?
Customer will receive an on screen notification, SMS and Email for every successful fee
payments.
Can a customer use his Branch Account to make school fee payment?
Yes, customer may use his/her branch account to make School fee Payments via Alfa.
How can a customer pay the school fee via Alfa?
Customer can pay via below payment methods:
57. Bank Alfalah Account
58. Bank Alfalah Wallet
59. Bank Alfalah Credit card
60. Orbits
How can a parent/student deposit money in his Alfa Wallet account?
•Deposit Via Bank Alfalah Branch: Customer can visit the nearest Bank Alfalah branch
to submit money into his Alfa Wallet account •Deposit via Bank Alfalah(Alfa Shops),
Easypaisa and Jazzcash Agents: Customer can visit the nearest Alfa Shop, Easypaisa
or JazzCash agent shops to submit money i