Alfa Virtual Debit Card
Product Features
Instant, Easy, Secure.
Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card” is a digital card that allows you to make online
eCommerce purchases internationally. Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card, powered by
MasterCard, can be generated instantly by customer through Alfa App. Just like any
Debit Card, you will get your own Card Number, Expiry Date and the three-digit CVV
code, you can select your card limits. The only difference is that you will not receive any
physical card.
WHY USE VIRTUAL DEBIT CARD:

Instant Generation: Without any hassle of filling out lengthy documentation, you can
generate your Alfa Virtual Debit Card within minutes from Alfa.

No Activation Required: Alfa Virtual Debit Card does not require any activation. Just
generate your card and start using it online.

Control over your Spending: Set your own daily transaction limit to avoid any
overspending.

Secure Online Payments: Powered by MasterCard, all your transactions through
Virtual Debit Card are 3D secure. This means that the cardholder will get a One Time
Password (OTP) every time a transaction is attempted.

Global acceptance: Now you can use your Virtual Debit Card on domestic as well as
on international websites.
WHERE TO USE ALFA VIRTUAL DEBIT CARD:
Alfa Virtual Debit Card can be used for all types of online payments which include:

Online Shopping

Food Delivery Services

Ride Hailing Services

Online Grocery Shopping

Fee Payment for School, College & Universities

Purchase of Bus, Train or Airlines tickets

Online Monthly Subscription for any service
*Virtual Debit Card is enabled for domestic transactions only. International transactions will be enabled at a
later stage.
Registration Process
HOW TO GET YOUR ALFA VIRTUAL DEBIT CARD:

Getting your Alfa Virtual Debit Card is just a matter of few taps on Alfa!
Click to see the steps below:

Step#1: Login to Alfa App.

Step#2: Go to Cards option.

Step#3: Select Virtual Debit Card .

Step#4: Select Account, Card limit & card expiry as per your choice.

Step#5: Accept Terms & Conditions.

Step#6: Generate and Validate OTAC.

Step#7: Generate your Virtual Debit Card.
FAQs
Q1. What is Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card?
“Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card” is a digital stored-value card that allows you to make online
eCommerce purchases internationally. Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card, powered by MasterCard,
can be generated instantly by customer through Alfa App. Just like any Credit / Debit Card, you
will get your own Card Number, Expiry Date and the three-digit CVV code, you can select your
card limits.The only difference is that you will not receive any physical card.
Q2. How to generate Bank ALfalah Virtual Debit Card?
Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card can be instantly generated by Bank Alfalah customers via Bank
Alfalah Mobile App
1-If the customer has a Bank Alfalah Account
Step#1. Download Alfa and click ‘Register Now
Step#2. Click on ‘Already Bank Alfalah Account Holder’ and enter the details.
Step#3. Click on Menu > My cards OR Click on Cards in ‘One Tap Launch’ Menu
Step#4. Click on Virtual Debit Card > Create Virtual Debit Card
Step#5. Choose Account as source in the Select Account Option > Set your maximum Monthly
limit > Set the card expiry
Step#6. Accept the terms and conditions and Proceed
Step#7. Enter the 4-digit OTAC received on your registered number & email and
confirm Step#8. Virtual Debit Card created
Upon card creation, your new Virtual Card’s details including the 16 digit card number,
expiration date, and the card verification code will be visible on Alfa App. That’s all you need to
shop online.

2- If the customer does not have any account/wallet with Bank Alfalah
Step#1. Download Alfa and sign up for a new Alfa Account (Conventional Current Wallet)
Step#2. Click on Menu > My cards OR Click on Cards in ‘One Tap Launch’ Menu
Step#3. Click on Virtual Debit Card > Create Virtual Debit Card
Step#4. Choose Wallet as Source Account > Set your maximum monthly limit > Set the card
expiry date
Step#5.
Accept the terms and conditions and Proceed
Step#6.
Enter the 6-digit OTP received on your registered number and confirm
Step#7. Virtual Debit Card created
3- If the Customer has Alfa Wallet Account
Step #1. Click on Menu > My cards OR Click on Cards in ‘One Tap Launch’ Menu
Step #2. Click on Virtual Debit Card > Create Virtual Debit Card
Step # 3. Choose Wallet as Source Account > Set your maximum monthly limit > Set the card
expiry date> Accept the terms and conditions and Proceed
Step # 4. Enter the 6-digit OTP received on your registered number and confirm
Step # 5. Virtual Debit Card created
4-If the customer has both Bank Alfalah Account and Alfa Account (Conventional
Current Wallet)
Step #1. Login on Alfa
Step #2. Click on Menu > My cards OR Click on Cards in ‘One Tap Launch’ Menu
Step # 3. Click on Virtual Debit Card > Create Virtual Debit Card
Step # 4. Choose Account as source in the Select Account Option > Enter Amount that needs
to be transferred to the wallet > Set your maximum monthly limit > Set the card expiry
Step # 5. Accept the terms and conditions and Proceed
Step # 6. Enter the 4-digit OTAC received on your registered number & email and confirm
Step # 7. Virtual Debit Card created
5-If the customer has a wallet other than Alfa Account (Conventional Current Wallet)
Step #1. Sign up for a new Alfa Account (Conventional Current Wallet)

Step #2. Click on Menu > My cards OR Click on Cards in ‘One Tap Launch’ Menu
Step # 3. Click on Virtual Debit Card > Create Virtual Debit Card
Step # 4. Choose Wallet as Source Account > Set your maximum monthly limit > Set the card
expiry date
Step # 5. Accept the terms and conditions and Proceed
Step # 6. Enter the 6-digit OTP received on your registered number and confirm
Step # 7. Virtual Debit Card created
6- If the customer has a Bank Alfalah credit card only
Step #1. Download Alfa and sign up for a new Alfa Account (Conventional Current Wallet)
Step #2. Click on Menu > My cards OR Click on Cards in ‘One Tap Launch’ Menu
Step # 3. Click on Virtual Debit Card > Create Virtual Debit Card
Step # 4. Choose Wallet as Source Account > Set your maximum monthly limit > Set the card
expiry date
Step # 5. Accept the terms and conditions and Proceed
Step # 6. Enter the 6-digit OTP received on your registered number and confirm
Step # 7. Virtual Debit Card created
Q3. How to use Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card?
To use the Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card for making online purchases and payments, just
select MasterCard as the payment type on the merchant website and simply enter your Virtual
Debit Card details just like online payment through any other debit/credit card.
Q4. Where to use Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card?
You can use Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card on any online merchant / website within country or
worldwide where MasterCard® is accepted. For instance, Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card can be
used to pay for educational fee & certifications like ACCA, ICMAP, SAT, or Toefl, or to shop
online at eCommerce websites like at Daraz.pk or AliExpress, or purchase from Google Playstore,
Apple store, iTunes and much more.
Avoid making payments with Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card for procurement of goods or
services where physical card presentment would be required for fulfilling those services or to
provide those goods by the merchant.
Q5. Can I use Virtual Debit Card at ATMs and Point of Sale (POS) for retail purchases?

No. You cannot use your Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card on ATMs and/or Point of Sale (POS)
purchases, since it is not a physical card. This card is your secure and safe ecommerce card.
Q6. What is the eligibility criteria?
All (CASA) Current / Savings Account, RDA and Wallet Account Holders, can get access to this
card.
Q7. What are the advantages/benefits of Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card?
Below are some of the Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card advantages / benefits:

Immediate availability – Generate Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card quickly and easily via the
Bank Alfalah mobile App. Your Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card is at your disposal immediately
upon generation.

Set your own spending limits – Select your own card limits while generating Bank Alfalah
Virtual Debit Card Virtual Card and ensure that spending on card cannot go above the destined
limits.

Secure payment – Don’t give internet fraud a chance. As an alternative online payment
solution, Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card protects your regular bank accounts and debit / credit
cards against misuse.

Buy everywhere – Your Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card allows you to make online purchases
at eCommerce merchants/websites worldwide, wherever MasterCard is accepted.

For everyone – Your Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card is a digital stored-value card that is
managed on a prepaid basis and is available to you regardless of your financial situation.
Q8. What’s the expiry limit of the card?
You can choose your own expiry limit from the following options: 1 year, 9 months, 6 months, 3
months, 1 month, 1 Transaction limit.
Q9. What does 1 Transaction only mean?
Your Virtual Debit Card will only be valid for a single transaction. After that, the card will no
longer be valid for any transactions. To do any more transaction, you would have to delete the
card and generate a new card.
Q10. How can I set my own daily transaction limit?
You can set your own daily transaction limit (bound by the overall limit of the wallet). Go to
Cards > Virtual Debit Cards > Manage Virtual Card > Manage Card > Change Limit > Save
Changes
Q11. What are the transaction limits and number of transactions customer can
perform on Virtual Debit Card?
Virtual Debit Card created on T-24/RDA Customers

168.
Monthly Transaction Limit = Max. PKR 500,000 PKR equivalent o
Domestic and
international transactions are allowed
Virtual Debit Card created on Level 1 wallet
189.
Per Transaction limit = Max. PKR 50,000 o
Monthly Transaction Limit = Max. 50,000
PKR equivalent o
Only Domestic transactions are allowed
Virtual Debit Card created on Level 0 wallet
150.
Per Transaction limit = Max. PKR 25,000
151.
Monthly Transaction Limit = Max. PKR 25,000 PKR equivalent o
Only
Domestic transactions are allowed
Q12. What if I forget my CVV or Expiry Date details?
You can check your Virtual Debit Card Details from your Alfa App. Login to your Alfa Account >
Cards > Virtual Debit Cards > Manage Virtual Card
Q13. What if Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card has expired / Need a new card?
You can create a new Virtual Debit Card Details from your Alfa App. Login to your Alfa
Account > Cards > Virtual Debit Cards > Manage Virtual Card >Manage Card > Delete Card >
Go back to Create Virtual Card
Q14. Can I create more than one Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card?
No. At a time, you can only have one Virtual Debit Card. However, you can delete it and
generate new card as per requirement.
Q15. Can I apply for Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card if I am already have another
Debit card?
Yes, you can get Virtual Debit Card while having other physical Debit Card/Credit Card or vice
versa. Since both Virtual Debit Card and Debit Card will be tagged to one CNIC, credit limit will
be shared as per the regulations.
Q16. What is the procedure to close my card?
You can close your Virtual Debit Card Details from your Alfa App. Login to your Alfa Account >
Cards > Virtual Debit Cards > Manage Virtual Card > Manage Card > Delete the card.
Q17. What documents do I need and how soon will I be able to get my Virtual Debit
Card?
You can get your Virtual Card instantly. Just sign up for the Alfa App, follow the registration
process and create your Virtual Debit Card.

Q18. Can I use the Virtual Debit Card for international Transactions?
The Virtual Debit Card can be used for domestic online purchases for Wallet account holder and
domestic and International online purchases for Current Account/Saving Account & Roshan
Digital Account customers.
Q19. Can I activate my card after temporarily blocking it?
Yes, you can activate your card from your Alfa App. Cards > Virtual Debit Cards > Manage
Virtual Card > Manage Card > Switch to Active.
Q20.
Block your card from the Alfa App and inform the Bank on the Helpline immediately.
Q21. Is my Virtual Debit Card 3D secure?
Yes, Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card is 3D secure.
Q22. What is 3D secure?
3-D Secure ensures safe internet transactions through requiring a 6 digit code, from the
customer, provided to by SMS or e-Mail. With this service, when you use your Bank Alfalah
Virtual Debit Card on websites that have incorporated the “Verified by Visa”, “American Express
SafeKey” or “MasterCard SecureCode” sign, you will receive a One-Time Password (OTP) by
SMS or e-Mail on entering the required password will your transaction be processed. The
objective is to provide a safe, secure and seamless online payment experience and ensuring the
integrity of the payment process and all parties involved i.e. Card Issuer, Merchant and
Customer.
Q23
One Time Password (OTP) is a 6-digit online verification code sent on your mobile number to
complete an internet purchase transaction.
Q24: Can I transfer money to other people’s accounts with my Bank Alfalah Virtual
Debit Card?
No, fund transfers to own or third-party accounts are not possible with Virtual Debit Card.
Q25: Can I view my Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card transactions?
Yes, you can view your Bank Alfalah Virtual Card transaction details by logging on to your Alfa
Mobile App.
Q26. How can I check transaction details for my Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card?

You can always log into Alfa app and check the details of transactions being performed through
your Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card.
Q27. Where should I contact in case of any queries or complaints regarding Bank
Alfalah Virtual Debit Card?
For any queries or complaints regarding Bank Alfalah Virtual Debit Card, you can call us at
111 225 111.