Alfalah Bundles
Product Features
Cross selling multiple products not just increases the overall Products per Customer
(PPC) but also results in long-term customer stickiness thereby resulting in higher
revenue per customer. Alfalah Bundle Offering is one of such initiatives wherein, where
Bank Alfalah will offer the existing and NTB customers (at the time of onboarding)
product packages with attractive incentives in the form of discounts on applicable
charges as per bank’s Schedule of Charges.
Feature of Bundle Offering Program / Packages
By subscribing to the bundle categories, the customers would be able to avail
percentage discounts on the below services (where applicable as per product features)
subject to maintenance of minimum balance requirement:
Products/Services:
Alfalah Bundle- Go
Classic Debit Card
25% off
Alfa App / Net Banking
25% off
SMS Alerts
25% off
Small/Medium Locker annual rent
25% off
Procedures:
S.No
Description
4.1. Enrollment of New Customers
1
NTB customers will open their account as per existing process.
The concerned relationship officer will guide them regarding bundle offerings and if customer
2
Customer will fill out the subscription form.
Once filled, branch will ensure the form is completely filled and duly signed along with related
Branch will verify the signatures on the enrollment/subscription form and related T&Cs against
Silver/Gold bundle account at the time of account number generation and obtain approval of O
Please refer Annexure – A for Subscription form.
Note: Customers will be able to avail relevant waivers and discounts during the first three mon
maintain the required average balance, discounts availed in the last three months will be recov
3
Once all formalities have been fulfilled, Branch will mark the account
with the relevant bundle pack selected in the subscription form and file the

same for record.
4.2.
Enrollment of Existing Customers
1
Existing customers will be allowed to subscribe his/her account by filling/signing the Subscript
2
Verify the signature on the Subscription Form and related T&Cs against the Signature Specime
4.3.
Discounts recovery
1
Recovery of discounts will be made by the system in case of nonmaintenance of required aver
Note: The customer’s account will not be closed until recovery of the discount amount in case
case where bank is unable to recover this amount, and then decides to reverse the income du
Otherwise, it should be booked as an Operational Loss.
In case a customer subscribes and then unsubscribes the amount before the first three month
through tracking of relevant reports on insights.
4.4.
De-tagging/Un-subscription of accounts
1
In case the customer does not wish to continue with the bundled offering, they can request to
Form to submit the request.
Branch shall ensure that un-subscription form is duly completed and signed as per mandate of
If the customer requests to unsubscribe from these bundles, then any previous charges may b
average balance.
Please refer Annexure – B for Un-subscription form.
Note: If the customer requests to convert his/her bundled account in another product categor
the account’s bundle subscription will be removed prior to conversion. Current account would
2
BM/OM will approve the un-subscription form and sign accordingly.
3
Upon completion of all formalities, de-tag the customer from their existing bundle.
Notes:
a)
Branch designated officer will ensure that If the customer requests to close his/her accou
non-maintenance of required average balance;
Prior to unsubscribing the bundle, system will check whether any outstanding discount amoun
then allow to close.
4.5 Change of Discount Rates
1
In case discount rates of respective bundles are required to be changed, relevant approval wil
2
Relevant changes will be shared with IT to implement as per existing change request process.

Eligibility Criteria
a) Bank Alfalah will offer bundle program to Individuals / Joint account holders, aged 18
and above;
b) Two different packages i.e. Silver and Gold will be offered. In order to subscribe for
bundle offering program, customer must have either an Alfalah PKR current account or
Alfalah Kamyab Karobar with following minimum average balance requirements:
Bundle Category
Alfalah Bundle-
Silver
Alfalah Bundle-
Gold
Average
Balance
requirement
to maintain
discount
eligibility
Rs.1,000,000
Rs.1,500,000
c)
The customer can either open new account in these product categories and apply
at the time of account opening or subscribe their existing account to this bundle.
d)
After subscription of bundles, incoming of funds greater than the limit described in
the account opening will be allowed to credit in order to permit average balance
requirement.