E-statement
Product Features
It is an Electronic Mail notification sent to your e-mail address the day your statement is
generated and available. E-Statement replaces your current paper statement, providing
you immediate access to your account information.
This facility is provided free of cost to the customers.
Product Features/ Benefits/ Unique Selling Points:

Bank Alfalah account holders can receive Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly or Half-
Yearly account statements directly via email.

This is a bird’s eye-view service for customers who would like to have summary of their
account electronically.

The facility is free of cost.

The customer can receive E-Statements for two or more accounts on the same email
address.

Customers must have a valid email address for receiving E-Statement
Eligibility Criteria

All Bank Alfalah Checking accounts

Valid email address for receiving E-Statement

Selection of frequency

Customer’s email address must be available in T24 CIF (Customer’s Profile)
Associated Charges

No sign-up or annual fee

E-statement are free of cost.
FAQs
How can I get myself registered for E-Statement?
All you need is a valid email address upon which you wish to receive E-Statements or
visit branch for activation of services.
What are the benefits of E-Statement?
With E-Statement, you can receive periodic emails
(Daily/Weekly/Monthly/Quarterly/Half-Yearly) about your account in your Email Account

which provides you convenience and comfort to have the information about
transactions/summary without visiting branch.
What services can I get by opting for E-Statement?
Opting for E- Statement will give you a bird’s eye -view of your account balance & Mini-
Statements which can help you in Reconciliation and keeping a track of your
payments/receivables.
In case E-Statement needs to be enrolled on as a new Registration? What
should be the guidelines?
Customer can visit your branch informing for the registration or contact Call Center for
registration.
Can I receive E-Statements for two or more account of Bank Alfalah?
Yes, you can receive E-Statements for two or more accounts on same email address.
Who is the sender of E-Statement?
E-Statement sender is digitalbanking@bankalfalah.com
What is the tentative schedule of E-Statement Facility?
Below is the tentative schedule of sending E-Statement facility but it is not fixed.
I mistakenly deleted my E-Statement from my inbox, can I get it again?
Yes, you can contact BAF Call Center (111 225 111) asking them to resend your last
generated E Statement