Internet Banking
Product Features
Bank Alfalah Internet Banking is a real-time online banking service, offering a simple,
convenient and secure method of accessing your Bank Alfalah accounts via the Internet.
Through this doorstep banking facility you can conduct your financial transactions at
your own time, location and convenience, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Following are the Transaction that can be performed by customers on Bank
Alfalah Internet Banking:

Account balance inquiry

Mini-statements

Account statement for one year

Transferring funds between your Bank Alfalah accounts – Funds Transfer (FT)

Transferring funds from your Bank Alfalah account to other Bank Alfalah account
holders - Inter Bank Funds Transfer (IBFT)

Transferring funds to selected 1-LINK & MNET member banks

Utility bill payments

Credit card bill payments

Purchasing mobile phone airtime – Telco payments

Internet Service Provider Bill Payments

Donations to selected charitable organizations

Payments for online shopping

Purchasing of Bus Tickets, Movie Tickets and Event Tickets

Corporate Banking

Managing Alfalah Investments

Purchasing of E-IPOs

Shopping from Alfa Mall

Orbits Section for all orbits related management

Make a request to Bank

Have an appointment with branch representative

Investment Portfolio Section

Make SMS alerts and Change Address requests

Request Banker’s Cheque

Request Cheque Book

Download Account Statement

Manage your Chip Based Debit Card

Pay your Auto/Home loan repayments

Pay credit card bill to banks on boarded on 1Bill grid

View and Download Dashboard for RVD (Recurring Value Deposit) – IBG product

School and University Fee Payments
Product Features / Benefits / Unique Selling Points:

This whole Internet Banking facility is for customer benefit and filled with features so
that customers can use this features for a seamless and hassle free net banking
experience via Bank Alfalah Internet Banking.
Funds Transfer: Inter and Intra bank is for customers so that they can perform these
transactions with-out any hassle
Utility Bill Payments: Forget about standing in long queues, pay your utility bills via
Bank Alfalah Internet Banking at your convenience
Ticket Purchasing: Book a bus or movie or event ticket from home at your
convenience with occasional promotions
Debit Card Management: Activate, block and manage your PIN without any hassle
from Bank Alfalah Internet Banking at any moment
Telco Payments: Recharge your mobile from your conventional account, Alfa account,
credit card or orbits at your convenience 24/7
Requests: Request many services from Internet Banking at your convenience without
any physical documentation
E-IPO: Purchase electronic IPOs from Internet Banking at your ease
Corporate Banking: A premium experience of corporate banking at your convenience
Appointments: Have an appointment with a branch representative for your banking
needs
Alfa Mall: Shop from Alfa Mall and pay form your selected payment mode
Orbits: Use Bank Alfalah Internet Banking reward points for performing multiple
transactions
Payees: Make payments to multiple Payees (Telco/Utility) in one go
Other bank Credit Card Bill Payment: Pay credit card bill to other banks on
boarded on 1Bill grid
Value Added Service: Request Banker’s Cheque and Cheque Book without any hassle
in a near real time manner
Download Account Statement: Now download account statement of your account
from Internet Banking

Eligibility Criteria
Following customers falling in below categories will be eligible to access Bank Alfalah
Internet Banking:

Credit Card Customers

Debit Card Customers

Account Holder Customers
Registration Process
Subscription process / Channels:
Subscription process is mentioned below:
1.
Visit www.bankalfalah.com, go to Internet Banking section and click on the
registration button
2.
Read the terms and conditions and check the box if you agree to the terms. Select
from the following options below:

Credit Card Customers

Debit Card Customers

Account Holder Customers
3.
Fill in the following Information:

Account No. or Credit/Debit Card Number

CNIC/SCNIC/NICOP

Date of birth

Registered mobile number

MNP (select from the drop-down menu)

Username

Enter ‘Captcha’

Select a security question and enter its answer
4.
Click on the ‘Submit’ button
5.
On the next screen, customer’s registered email ID will appear
6.
Clicking on the ‘Confirm’ button

7.
**Customer will visit the branch and perform biometric verification. On successful
biometric verification, an OTAC – One-time activation code will be generated of which
first 5 digits/characters will be sent on your registered email and the last 5
digits/characters will be sent via SMS on your registered cell number.
COVID19 SBP IMPLEMENTATION**[Process halted as per SBP regulation due to pandemic
situation. Following process is in use: Customer will be intimated to contact call center to
activate his profile after successful registration. Call center agent will perform KYC of
customer and after successful verification, an OTAC]
Please note, this can revert to original process at any point of time
8.
You can log in by combining the OTAC sent to your email and cell number.
CORPORATE INTERNET BANKING
Bank Alfalah provides Internet Banking for Company Accounts, Corporate/SME
customers. Customers can subscribe initially with view only facility having no financial
charges.
Eligibility:
179.
Customer should have valid & active account
180.
Registration through submission of registration form (from will be download from
BAFL Website)
181.
Official email id
Registration Procedure:
193.
Company need to submit IB registration form (download from BAFL website
www.bankalfalah.com).
194.
Form will have to submit in corporate account maintaining branch where branch
also check client’s documents as per their own operations manual.
195.
Branch will forward IB registration form to central account opening department
196.
Maker & Check activity on the form will be perform by centralized account
opening department
197.
Once done an SMS will be sent on the provided cell# (mobile that mentioned in
the IB registration form) to inform customer that a link has been sent to him on the
email id (email id that was provided in the registration form)
198.
Now on the received IB link customer will generate IB user ID and Select security
question
199.
After following above procedure now customer will receive IB 8 characters’
password, 1st 4 on registered email id and 2nd 4 on SMS.

*Note: To register, unsubscribe and to update IB profile data on company account form
must be submitted.
Transactional Information
You can get reference regarding this information in the whole document.
However, following is the per day Transaction limit assigned on packages available:
Transactional Information:
Packag
Packag
Packag
*Maximum limit of transaction per day is as per your package limit
*No transactional limit on Own BAFL Credit Card bill payment
Addition of Transactions in the list of BVS based Activation:
Change Description:
Bio verification was implemented on Sep 21, 2020 for Alfa/IB to enable following
transactions on both channels.
155.
Fund Transfer (within Bank or IBFT both)
156.
QR Payments
We need to add following transactions types to be dependent on Bio verification and
system should prompt proper message if customer tries to perform mentioned
transactions just like we have done for FT, IBFT & QR.
All new activations from 20thSep 2020 irrespective of their registration date should have
the above and below mentioned transactions blocked until customer performs a BVS.
102.
UBP (All 1link payments and Direct Integration like Bahria Payment)
103.
Telecom (Pre/Post both)
104.
Fee Payments
105.
Alfa Mall

106.
Order Food
107.
Orbit Transfers
108.
1 Bill payment
109.
Ticketing (Bus/Cinema)
110.
Donation
111.
Online Shopping like sehat etc.
112.
Pay to CNIC
After performing BVS, all above mentioned transactions will be activated for customers
based on package / limit selected.
FAQs
What is Bank Alfalah Internet Banking?
Bank Alfalah Internet Banking is a real-time online banking service, offering a simple,
convenient and secure method of accessing your Bank Alfalah accounts via the Internet.
Through this doorstep banking facility you can conduct your financial transactions at
your own time, location and convenience, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
What is meant by what is meant by “No transactional limit on Own BAFL
Credit Card bill payment”?
There is a per day transactional limit on Alfa & IB, which will not decrease, if a
customer who is registered on Alfa/IB pays his/her own BAFL credit card (issued to
same CNIC).
What can I do with Bank Alfalah Internet banking?
Bank Alfalah Internet Banking offers a range of financial services and payment facilities
through all your accounts. These include:
o Account balance inquiry o Mini-statements o Account statement for one year o
Transferring funds between your Bank Alfalah accounts o Transferring funds from your
Bank Alfalah account to other Bank Alfalah account holders o Transferring funds to
selected 1-LINK & MNET member banks • Utility bill payments o Credit card bill
payments o Purchase mobile phone airtime o Internet Service Provider Bill Payments o
Donations to selected charitable organizations o Payments for online shopping and
much more
How do I update my email address and Cell number?
Visit your Bank Alfalah branch and submit a request in writing to change your email
address and cell number in our 'Registration Database'. Your email address and cell
number will be changed within 3 business days. After the details are updated in branch,
customer needs to login internet banking and update information there too.

Can I access Bank Alfalah Internet Banking from anywhere?
Yes! You can access Bank Alfalah Internet banking from anywhere anytime via the
Internet
I am not receiving Bank Alfalah Internet Banking emails on my
Hotmail/Gmail/Yahoo etc. email address?
By default, Hotmail/Gmail/Yahoo etc. has set the Junk Mail Filter to „Enhance‟ spam
filtering. Because of this, legitimate messages are occasionally identified as junk e-mail
and are moved to the Junk folder. To ensure messages from Bank Alfalah are not
moved to the Junk folder, please add domain „bankalfalah.com‟ to your inbox
Safe/White List.
How can I view transactions performed through Bank Alfalah Internet
Banking?
All transactions performed are available under User Management Menu. Click on User
Activity and enter dates to see your transactions. Alternatively you can also check your
Mini Statement and Account Statement for the same.
What is the maximum time range, I can view my account statement?
You can view your account statement for one year through Bank Alfalah’s Internet
Banking.
Can I not view my transactions through a mini statement?
Your mini statement will show the last 8 transactions performed on your account
I have forgotten my User ID, what should I do?
Your User ID is confidential and should never be shared with anyone. In case you
forget your User ID, please call our Call Centre at 111-225-111 for assistance.
I have forgotten my password, what should I do?
Your password is confidential and should never be shared with anyone. In case you
have forgotten your password, please click the “Forgot password” link available on the
login page. You will be asked to provide the answer to the security question set at the
time of your Internet Banking registration. If you answer the question correctly, you will
receive a new, one-time password on your registered email address and mobile number.
Alternatively, you can also call our Call Center on 111-225-111 to re-generate a new
password.
Can I change my User ID / Password?
You cannot change your User ID; however you may change your password through the
'Change Password' option available, below your User ID on the Internet Banking page.
If you opted to UN-subscribe from Internet Banking, only then you can set a new User
ID or if you have forgotten your user id, you can contact our call center for assistance.

I have multiple accounts opened with Bank Alfalah, can I use all these
accounts with Bank Alfalah Internet Banking?
Yes, all your CASA (Current and Savings Accounts), All BAFL checking account holders
including single, joint (with ‘singly’ or, ‘either or survivor’ or ‘Any one of us’, operating
instructions), sole proprietorship is eligible for internet banking facility whether they
hold debit card or not, and linked accounts to your Bank Alfalah Visa Debit Card are
automatically made available via Bank Alfalah Internet Banking. Customer can link
his/her CASA account directly from Internet Banking from LINK ACCOUNT option Note:
Close, Dormant, Corporate, Loan Accounts, Corporate or jointly operated accounts
cannot be linked.
Can I transfer funds between my own accounts?
Yes, you can transfer funds between all your accounts linked to your Bank Alfalah Visa
Debit Card, using the „My Account‟ facility.
How long does it take for funds to get credited into the beneficiary's account?
Normally, funds are transferred instantly. In case the credit is delayed, please call our
Call Center at 111-225-111 or write to us at contactus@bankalfalah.com for assistance.
I have just paid my bill. How long will it take to credit my bill at the billing
company?
Normally, it takes less than 15 minutes to credit your bill at the billing company. In case
it has been more than a day, please call our Call Center on 111-225-111 for assistance.
Which Credit Card bills I can pay from Bank Alfalah Internet Banking?
You can pay your own credit card bills as well as other Bank Alfalah Credit Card bills via
Bank Alfalah Internet Banking.
What amount transfer limits is allowed in a day?
You can now transfer amount up to as per Package limit in a day.
How long does it take for funds to get credited into the beneficiary's account?
Normally, funds are transferred instantly. In case the credit is delayed by more than a
day, please call our Call Center at 111-225-111 or write to us at
contactus@bankalfalah.com for assistance.
Which payments of SECP can be paid through IB?
Now customers can pay the following SECP payments in real time:
o Filing of Returns Fee o Registration Fee o Penalties
What is the message Sender code?
The message send code is 8287.

Is Internet Banking accessible on all browsers?
Yes Internet Banking is accessible on all Browsers but for better experience customers
are requested to use latest browser versions.
What are the main reasons that a customer is unable to register for net
banking?
Main reasons are when customers details like CNIC, Debit card/Account number or
DOB/Mobile number is updated incorrect in the system. Agents can check information in
T-24/Card Memo and inform the customer accordingly.
Does beneficiary needs to be created for all Inter /other bank fund transfer?
No, it is not mandatory.
Can I make installment payment of home finance & auto loan through
Alfa/Internet banking?
Yes, Home and Auto loan payments can be made through Internet Banking/Alfa.
How to delete beneficiary?
To delete a beneficiary, go to the User Management link/ tab and click ‘delete
beneficiary’. All your added beneficiaries will be available in this menu. Click on the
delete button available in front of the added beneficiary.
Is there any difference for Corporate Customer registered for Internet
Banking?
Corporate Account customer can only view account statement whereas User interface is
the same.
Are there any specific accounts that can register on Internet Banking?
Yes, there are some specific accounts that can register or Internet Banking.
Can customer register internet banking against international number?
Customers can register using international number via IB. OTAC will also be received on
International numbers.
What are the various billers required number udpated in Internet Banking?
Below are the various Billers Required Number in order to pay the bills:
Bill Payment
(Code
Requirement)
Biller Name
GEPCO
HESCO
K-Electric
LESCO
SNGPL

SSGC
PTCL
KWSB
Which bills can be paid through Internet Banking?
Bill payment is our online bill payment service, which allows you to pay bills to any of
our listed billing companies, mobile companies, internet service providers and also make
Bank Alfalah loan payments. Below is the list:
Electricity
Gas
PTCL
Water &
Sanitation
Mobile
(Pre/Post
Paid)
Internet
Credit
Card
Others
GEPCO
SNGPL
PTCL
Landline
FWASA
Mobilink
Wateen
BAFL
Kuickpay
HESCO
SSGC
PTCL
PSTN
KWSB
Telenor
Witribe
P&G
Engro
K-Electric
PTCL
Vfone
Ufone
Qubee
Other
Bank
Credit
Card
Lums
LESCO
Zong
PTCL
EVO
Prepaid
Jazz Cash
MEPCO
Warid
PTCL
EVO
Postpaid
Beacon
house
PESCO
Nayatel
Sindh
Revenue
Board
Federal
Board of
Revenue /
Punjab
Revenue
Authority
Central
Depository
Company
of Pakistan
Securities
and
Exchange
Commission
of Pakistan

Is user name case sensitive on both Alfa & IB?
Username is case sensitive on Alfa but not on IB
What if customer forgets the username?
'Forget Username’ option is available for customer facility if customer has forgotten the
security question also then please guide customer to call our Call Centre at 111-225-
111 for assistance.
Can customer change his/her User ID/Password?
You cannot change your User ID, however you may change your password through the
'Change Password' option available in IB and from ‘My Alfa App’ in Alfa. If you opted to
un-subscribe from Internet Banking/Alfa, only then you set a new User ID.
If I have registered as a debit card holder and later I block my Debit Card
will my Internet Banking will get blocked too?
No! Your Internet Banking/Alfa will be active regardless your debit card status.
What account types are allowed to register on Alfa/IB?
All BAFL checking account holders including single, joint (with ‘singly’ or, ‘either or
survivor’ or ‘Any one of us’, operating instructions), sole proprietorship are eligible for
internet banking/ALFA facility whether they hold debit card or not.
What ID types are allowed to register on Alfa/IB?
› ID-N › ID-SN › ID-SN2 › ID-SN3 › ID-SN4 › ID-SN5 › ID-OP › ID-O › ID-SNI › ID-SOP