Raast
Product Features
Raast is Pakistan’s Instant Payment System – an initiative by SBP, which allows you to
send & receive money money quickly, securely and easily via your mobile number or
IBAN
Product Feature and Benefits:

A new send money feature which will allow you to send and receive money by either
linking your mobile number (Raast ID) with your BAFL account or by simply
sending/receiving money via IBAN

Limit per Transaction: PKR 10,000

Daily Limit: As per Package
Registration Process
Alfa
Internet Banking
Registration
Click on Raast ID from the side menu
In Register/Re-link tab, select an account to link with your Raast ID
Once, registration/re-linking is completed, you can start receiving funds via
your mobile number
Click
Selec
Selec
Once
Re-linking
Click on side menu > Raast ID
In Register/Re-link tab, simply select any of your listed account to re-link
82.
R
83.
In
84.
Se
De-linking
To temporarily stop receiving funds on Raast ID, de-link your Raast ID by
clicking on:
00.
Side menu > Raast ID
In De-link tab, simply switch toggle off to de-link the linked account
To te
57.
58.
Delete
To delete your Raast ID, plea
Associated Charges
Currently, transactions via Raast Payment are free of cost
FAQs

What is Raast?
Raast is an instant payment system that will allow you to Send Money quickly, securely
and easily via Raast ID and IBAN.
What is Raast ID?
Your Raast ID is your mobile number which can be linked to your desired BAFL account.
How can I receive funds via Raast?
You can receive funds by sharing your IBAN or Raast ID. To receive funds on Raast ID,
you must first register/link your Raast ID with your BAFL account.
How do I send money via Raast?
You can send money by input of IBAN. To send money to Raast ID, receiver must
register their Raast ID.
How do I register my Raast ID with an account?
You can register your Raast ID by clicking on Raast ID from the side menu. In
Register/Re-link tab, select an account to link with your Raast ID. Once, registration/re-
linking is completed, you can start receiving funds via your mobile number.
What if I want to link my Raast ID to a different account?
You can re-link your Raast ID by clicking on side menu > Raast ID.
In Register/Re-link tab, simply select any of your listed account to re-link.
I dont want my account to be linked to Raast ID?
You can temporarily stop receiving of funds on Raast ID by de-linking your Raast ID by
clicking on Side menu > Raast ID
In De-link tab, simply switch toggle off to de-link the linked account
I want to register my Raast ID with another bank?
To delete your Raast ID, please contact our call centre at 111-225-111
How do I send money to IBAN via Raast?
Select Send Money> Raast Payment. Select From Account, Raast Beneficiary Type>
IBAN, select already added payee or input 24 digit alphanumeric code

How do I send money to Raast ID via Raast?
Select Send Money> Raast Payment. Select From Account, Raast Beneficiary Type>
Raast ID, select already added payee or input 11 digit mobile number as 03xx.
Are there any charges for Raast Payment?
Currently, transactions via Raast Payment are free of cost
What are the transaction limits for Raast?
Each transaction for Raast Payment is PKR 10,000, however the daily limit is per your
Alfa package.
How do I create a Raast Payee/Beneficiary?
Select My Payees, scroll down to Create New Payee, select Raast from slider and input
IBAN or Raast ID to create payee.