Islamic Banking On Boarding FAQs
1.What Is Riba / Interest?
The word "Riba" means excess, increase or addition, which correctly interpreted
according to Shari’ah terminology, implies any excess compensation without due
consideration. Interest / Riba can be defined as: “Every DEBT that pulls any kind of
GAIN” OR “Any Pre-determined excess over and above the Principal in a Contract of
LOAN” This is the kind of Riba found in loan/debt based transactions and called Riba-
An-Nasiyah/ Riba-Al-Quran. Example of Riba-al-Nasiyah/ Interest: If Mr. A lends Rs.100
to Mr. B (a borrower) with a condition that Mr. B shall return him Rs.110 after one
month. In this case, the extra amount of Rs. 10 is Riba or Interest.
2.Does interest/Riba relate only to consumer/personal loans or it applies to
commercial loans also?
9The interest is prohibited whether it is consumer/personal loan (loan for meeting day
to day human needs) or commercial loan (loan for business purpose).
3.Does the prohibition of Riba apply equally to the loans obtained from or
extended to Muslims as well as non-Muslims?
With respect to the receipt and payment of interest, there is no distinction between
Muslims and non-Muslims or between individuals and states.
4.Is Riba prohibited only in Islam?
Riba / Interest is prohibited not only in Islam but also in other religious scriptures of the
world.
5.What Is Islamic Banking?
Islamic banking is defined as a banking system which is in harmony with the spirit,
philosophy and value system of Islam and governed by the principles laid down by
Islamic Shari’ah.
6.How Islamic Banking is different from Conventional Banking?
In practical sense, Islamic Banking is the transformation of conventional money lending
transactions into Asset based transactions and real services.
7.What are the most general prohibited elements of any financial transaction
to make it Shari’ah compliant?
The most generally prohibited elements that need to be removed from any financial
transactions to make it Shari’ah Compliant are: •Riba - (Riba Al Nase’ah and Riba Al
Fadl) – Every loan that draws any benefit. •Gharar – (any excess ambiguity/uncertainty
which may lead to dispute in transactions) e.g. Short sales, future sales, sales of
derivatives, options or swap etc.) • Maysir - (Speculation / Gambling) Game of Chance •
Dealing in Haram / Prohibited goods and services.

8.What is meant by Shari’ah/Islamic Law?
Shari’ah lexically means a way or path. In Islam Shari’ah refers to the divine guidance
and laws given by the Holy Quran, the Hadith (sayings) of the Prophet Muhammad
(Peace Be Upon Him) and supplemented by the juristic interpretations by Islamic
scholars. Shari’ah embodies all aspects of the Islamic faith, including beliefs and
practices.
9.What are the sources of Shari’ah?
Islamic Shari’ah or the divine law of Islam is derived from the following four sources:
Primary Sources of Shari’ah 1.The Holy Quran 2.The Sunnah of the Holy Prophet (Peace
Be Upon Him) Secondary Sources of Shari’ah 3.Ijma’ (consensus of the Ummah)
4.Qiyas (Anology)
10.Islamic banks use interest based system (KIBOR) as a Benchmark while
determining spread / profit; how Islamic banking can be said to be Islamic?
It is the nature/mechanism of the transaction that determines its validity or otherwise.
Using Interest Rate as a benchmark for determining the spread / profit of any
permissible transaction does not render the transaction as invalid or haram. However,
Islamic banks should ideally have their own benchmark system for determination of
profit.
11.What is structure of Alfalah Islamic Current account?
Alfalah Islamic Current account is based on structure of Qard, where Alfalah Islamic
Banking Group cannot give any profit to the current account holders. Additionally
BAFLIBG cannot provide non-routine service as free of cost, exclusively to their current
account holders, as any incentive over loan is Riba.
12.Why does Bank offer some free facilities on Current Accounts despite their
Qard based nature?
Such free facilities are offered free on all accounts and not exclusively on Current
Accounts, this result in the fact that Facilities are not offered due to the Current
Account, but due to the relationship between customer and the bank. Hence, Shari’ah
permits it.
13.What is Musharakah?
Musharakah means Partnership. A relationship established under a contract by the
mutual consent of the parties for sharing of profits and losses in the joint business.
14.What are the types of Musharakah? There are two Types of Musharakah: a)
Shirkat ul Milk b) Shirkat ul Aqd.
15.What is Mudarabah?
A form of partnership where one party provides the funds called "Rab-ul-Maal" while
the other party provides expertise called “Mudarib” and they both share the profit in an

agreed manner through the Profit Sharing Ratio (PSR). The profit sharing ratio is
determined with mutual consent at the time of entering into the Mudarabah agreement
whereas in case of loss it is borne by the Rab-ul-Mal only.
16.What is the basis of distributing profit in Musharakah & Mudarabah?
Profit is divided according to the agreement (mutual consent) of the partners.".
17.What is the basis of distributing loss in Musharakah & Mudarabah?
Loss is distributed exactly according to the ratio of investment (if any).
18.Why Loss to be borne by Rab-ul-Mal only under Mudarabah?
In Participatory contracts like Musharakah and Mudarabah, the loss is shared among
the partners according to their capital contribution ratio in the partnership. As in
Mudarabah, the capital is contributed by Rab-ul-Mal only, hence the loss is borne by the
Rab-ul-Mal accordingly.
19.What are the types of Mudarabah?
There are two types of Mudarabah: a)Al-Mudarabah Al-Muqayyada / Restricted
Mudarabah Example of Restricted Mudarabah: Special Pools b)Al-Mudarabah Al-
Mutlaqah / Unrestricted Mudarabah Example of Unrestricted Mudarabah: Bank Alfalah
Islamic Saving Accounts and TDRs. Bank Alfalah Islamic Saving accounts are non-time
bound and TDRs are time bound Mudarabah based facilities.
20.What is the structure of Alfalah Islamic Saving accounts and TDs?
Saving and TDRs in Alfalah Islamic are based on the structure of Mudarabah where the
saving account holders are “Rab ul Maal” and Bank Alfalah Islamic is the “Mudarib”.
21.Can Bank Alfalah Islamic guarantee a fixed rate to its depositor?
Since the Bank Alfalah Islamic Saving accounts is based on the model of Mudarabah, in
which the profit rate is based on the actual profit earned for the period, therefore Bank
Alfalah Islamic cannot guarantee any rate. Instead, Bank Alfalah Islamic announces the
historical profit rates.
22.Are profit rates guaranteed by announcing weightages?
Weightages are only profit ratios among (Rab-ul-Maal) the different products of
different categories and are announced at the beginning of the period to eliminate any
chances of guaranteeing a particular profit rate. Whatever the actual gross profit of the
pool, first the Mudarib’s share is distributed then the remaining amount is distributed
among the depositors as per the announced weightages.
23.Where does Bank Alfalah Islamic invest the funds received from depositors? All the
funds received from the depositors are invested in Shari’ah Compliant financing modes
such as Trade Based Modes like Murabaha, Salam, Istisna, Tijarah, Musawamah Rental
Based Modes like Ijarah, Diminishing Musharakah, and Participatory Modes like
Musharakah , thus returns received from these financing is Halal.

24.What is Bai Muajjal?
Bai' Muajjal is the Arabic equivalent of "sale on deferred payment basis". The deferred
payment becomes a debt payable by the buyer in lump sum or in installments as may
be agreed between the two parties.
25.What is Murabaha?
Murabaha is a kind of sale where, the seller executes the sale on the condition that he
discloses the cost of the commodity and amount of profit charged. Therefore, Murabaha
is not a loan given on interest rather it is a sale of a commodity at profit.
26.What is Musawamah?
Musawamah is a general and regular kind of sale in which price of the commodity to be
traded is bargained between seller and the buyer without any reference to the price
paid or cost incurred by the former. Thus, it is different from Murabaha in respect of
pricing formula and other Shari’ah rulings.
27.What is Ijarah?
Ijarah refers to transferring the usufruct of an asset but not its ownership. Under
Islamic banking, the bank transfers the usufruct to another person for an agreed period
at an agreed consideration. The asset under Ijarah should be valuable, non-perishable,
nonconsumable identified and quantified.
28.What is the difference between conventional lease and Ijarah?
Conventional Lease
Ijarah
Lease commences the very day
on which the disbursement is
made by the bank, weather the
customer has taken delivery or
not
Rental starts from the delivery of asset ,
not from the day the price has been paid
by the bank
All expenses incurred in the
purchase of asset are paid by
the customer
Bank is the owner of the Asset, hence,
bank pays all the charges related to
ownership.
Customer is liable to bear cost
incurred due to natural disaster
Customer is only liable to bear cost
incurred in case of negligence
Penalty charges are taken in
bank's income
No penalty is charged in case of delay,
however charity is recovered from the
customer due to his undertaking and the
same is distributed in charitable causes
under supervision of Shari’ah Board of the
bank
Bank can terminate the lease
unilaterally
Ijarah can be terminated with mutual
consent

29.What is Bai Salam?
Salam means a contract in which advance payment is made for goods to be delivered at
a future date. The seller undertakes to supply goods specifications of which are agreed,
to the buyer at a future date in exchange of an advance price fully paid at the time of
contract. It is necessary that the quality of the commodity intended to be purchased is
fully specified leaving no ambiguity leading to dispute. The subject matter of Bai Salam
can be anything which is homogenous and capable of being definitely described as to
quantity, quality and workmanship.
30.What is Istisna?
Istisna is an agreement culminating in a sale at an agreed price whereby the purchaser
places an order to manufacture, assemble or construct (or cause so to do) anything to
be delivered at a future date. It becomes an obligation of the manufacturer or the
builder (as the case may be) to deliver the asset of agreed specifications at the agreed
period of time.
31.Is it permissible for an Islamic bank to impose penalty in case receivables
are delayed?
In Islamic law it is permissible for customer to undertake that in case of willful delay of
its outstanding dues, he will be responsible to pay charity to bank upon demand. The
penalty proceeds received by bank would be channelized for charitable purposes as this
amount cannot become source of income for the bank in any manner. This mechanism
would also help in maintaining a credit discipline in the banking and act as a deterrent
against debts becoming bad or unrealizable.
32.What are the elements of the Contract?
Following are the essential elements of the contract: -Contracting Parties -Offer and
Acceptance -Subject Matter - Wording of Contract - Compensation, if any.
33.What is the difference between Sale and Promise to sell?
A sale cannot be effected unless the required conditions of contract are fulfilled but
under promise, requirements of Contract are not necessary to be followed a.The
promise initially creates a moral obligation b.If the promisor breaches the Promise
incurring some liability, jurists allow that the Promisor be legally forced to fulfill the
promise.
34.Does Islam allow simple interest while forbids compound interest?
This is just a misconception. Interest is prohibited in all its forms whether it’s a simple
interest or compound interest.
35.What are the weightages?
The profit is distributed among the pool members according to a mechanism called
“Weighatges”. The Investment Pool will operate on Mudarabah basis and different

categories of depositors in the Investment Pools will be assigned different weightages
based on: Investment tenure Profit payment option Amount tiers Market trends.
36.What is Ijma?
Ijma’ means consensus of the scholars of the Ummah on a particular issue. The Holy
Prophet (SAW) has said: “My Ummah shall never be combined on an error”.
37.What is Qiyas? Qiyas means “Analogy”?
To apply a recognized rule of Shariah expressly mentioned in the Holy Quran and
Sunnah to a similar thing or situation by way of analogy.
38.What is Ijtihad?
Literal meanings: To exert one’s utmost effort Technical Meaning: To exert utmost
effort to discover a ruling of Shari’ah in a particular matter.
39.What are the main differences between Islamic Banking and Conventional
Banking?
Islamic Banking
Conventional Banking
Based on principles of Divine Law
Based on fully man-made
principles
Islamic Banking prices Assets
Conventional Banking prices
money
Is based on profit sharing on deposits side, and
on fixed profit on Trade and Rental based modes
on assets side.
Is based on fixed return on
both sides of the balance
sheet.
Involves and participates in real trade and
production.
Does not involve itself in
trade and business
It aims at maximizing profit but subject to
Shari’ah and legislative restrictions
It aims at maximizing profit
with only legislative
restrictions
40.What is Diminishing Musharakah?
Diminishing Musharakah is a form of partnership, which ends with the complete
ownership of a partner who purchases the share of another partner in that project by a
redeeming mechanism agreed between both of them. The share of one of the partner
(financier) is divided into a number of units and it is understood that the client will
purchase the units of the share of the financier one by one periodically, thus increasing
his own share till all the units of the financier are purchased by the client so as to make
him the sole owner of the asset. In this kind of partnership, all partners are co-owners
of each and every part of the joint property or asset on a pro-rata basis and one
partner cannot make a claim to a specific part of the property or asset leaving the other
parts for other partners.

41.What is pre-mature encashment in Islamic Banking?
Pre-mature encashment refers to early redemption of customer’s share. Hence, If
customer redeems his share before the time of maturity then in this case, the other
schedule of early redemption will be applied and all profit payment (accrued/paid) will
be adjusted accordingly.
42.While providing Locker Facility to the customer, banks acts as?
Bank gives the Locker on the basis of Rent to the customers and charge the rentals
against the locker space.
43.What is the difference between Conventional Insurance and Takaful?
Takaful
Conventional Insurance
Takaful is based on Waqf
Contract
Insurance is a compensatory Contract
Contributions paid to Waqf
belongs to the Waqf, the
Operator is not owner of this
amount
All premium income belong to the Insurance
Company
In Takaful, the company
(Operator) serves in the
capacity of Wakeel
Companies serve as the owners of the
business
All investment are mandatory
to be
invested in Shari’ah complaint
industry
Insurance company invests their funds in
any business they consider fit, irrespective
whether the business is Shari’ah compliant
and Halal or not