SME Products (Islamic) Alfalah Islamic Milkiat Finance
Product Features
Product Overview:
Alfalah Islamic Milkiat Finance is envisaged as a medium to long term financing
product for SMEs of all sectors. It is a facility repayable in monthly installments over
agreed period and secured by equitable and/or registered mortgage over urban
commercial/industrial property (ies) as well as residential properties which are
primarily being used for commercial nature and shall be solely used by the party
availing the finance.
Underlying Islamic Mode:
Diminishing Musharakah on the basis of "Shirkat ul Milk"
Type Of Product:
Advances (SME/Commercial)
Target customers:
The target market for AIMF is SMEs and their stakeholders which will include any
commercially viable business, meeting the eligibility criteria of AIMF. These broadly
include:
SME Businessmen / Traders / Commercial Entities
Cottage/ SME Industries / manufacturers
SME service industry like Educational Institutions, Hospitals, Restaurants etc.
SME Professionals like Chartered Accountants, Doctors, IT professionals etc.
Product Variants:
AIMF 1:
Acquisition of rented commercial/industrial property
AIMF 2:
Construction on owned and possessed commercial/ industrial premises/ plot (s)
AIMF 3:
Purchase of a commercial/ industrial plot for construction purposes only and
construction on that land/ plot.

AIMF 4:
Renovation of owned and possessed commercial/ industrial property (ies)
AIMF 5:
Swap Transactions/ Balance Transfer Facility (BTF)
From Conventional Bank to Islamic (BAFL-IBG)
From Islamic Bank to Islamic (BAFL-IBG)
Basis For Pricing/ Return:
KIBOR + Spread
Minimum and maximum financing limit:
The minimum and maximum amount of finance under AIMF shall be Rs 0.50M and
Rs 100M respectively, however, for the purpose to renovate the ceiling shall be Rs. 5
M.
Tenors (minimum and maximum):
The tenure of Alfalah Islamic Milikiat Financing facility will span from 2 to 15 years.
Eligibility Criteria
Customer Type Sole proprietorships, partnerships and private limited companies can
avail this facility.
Age Limit
Individuals should be between 23 to 65 years of age at the time of application. Sole
proprietors should not exceed 65 years of age upon maturity of financing.
Debt Burden Ratio
A preferably low debt burden for customers is recommended.
Membership
Preferably a member of the relevant trade body or association
Security
Customer should provide an urban residential/commercial property as security

Equity Ratio
Minimum equity participation shall be 30% under AIMF 1 and AIMF 3. At least 1%
equity participation will be required for AIMF 2, AIMF 4 and AIMF 5