SME Products (Islamic) Alfalah Istisna Financing
Product Overview:
Alfalah Istisna is a product in which sale of those goods takes place which
requires manufacturing /construction. This is obligatory for manufacturer/builder
(contractor) to deliver the manufactured goods to purchaser on completion date.
It is an exception to the rules of sale where a sale is allowed without immediate
delivery of the goods sold. It relates to the goods that requires manufacturing.
Underlying Islamic Mode:
Istisna
Type of Product:
Corporate/ Commercial/ SME/Consumer
Basis for Pricing Return:
KIBOR + Spread
Basic Concepts:
Step 1: Order to Manufacture by Bank
Customer and Bank enters into an Istisna Agreement under which Bank orders
the customer to manufacture a certain Asset (specified items) for Bank against
Flexible payment option (either advance or deferred payment).
Step 2: Delivery of Asset by the Customer
After manufacturing the asset, the asset is delivered to the bank by the
customer.
Step 3: Sale of Asset in the market
After taking delivery bank sells the asset into the market either directly or by
appointing someone as his agent or the by customer as an agent).
Tijarah Product Variance
Istisna-Export
Istisna-l,ocal
Istisna-USD/FE-25
Islamic Export Refinance Facility([ERF)-Under Istisna

Application of Falah Tijarah:
Istisna will be used quite easily to facilitate financing requirements of trade
finance and industry both in the
Short term and Long term for the customers of SE/ME & Corporate as follows:-
Working capital needs for man u facturing concerns can be facilitated through
Istisna.
Trade Finance:
Istisna can be used to finance exports However, Export Bill can be taken as
collateral.
Long Term Finance:
Medium to long-term requirements for construction of building, plant and factory
can also be facilitated through fstisna. BOT ( Build Operate and Transfer)
arrangements can also be financed through Istisna
Consumer/Corporate/Commercial Finance:
Financing for construction of building/ Asset can be done.
Maximum financing limit:
35.
Small Enterprises (SE): 25Mln
36.
Medium Enterprise (ME): 200Mln
37.
Commercial Customers: Exceed Rs.200Mln
38.
Corporate Customers: Exceed Rs.300Mln
Tenure (Minimum and Maximum)
Financing to Personal Borrowers:
S. No.
Facility Type
Maximum Tenor
1
Trade Finance
Up to 180 days
2
Working Capital Finance
Up to 1 year
3
Secured term advances
Up to 7 years
Corporate Commercial and ME/SE Products
To cater to long term finance requirements of a customer, the bank offers
various term finance facilities under Islamic structures – duly approved by

Shari'ah Board - which stretch beyond a period of 12 months.
Other Salient Features:
31.
Istisna can be used for financing where production and value addition is
required.
32.
Istisna can fulfill all Working Capital Requirements (including payment of
overheads etc) of the Corporate/ Commercial/ SME sectors at different stages of
manufacturing.
33.
It is not permissible that the subject matter of an Istisna contract be an
existing and identified capital asset. This is because Istisna is a sale contract
applicable to items that are identified by specification, not by Designation.
34.
The price of an Istisna contract may be paid in advance or deferred or
paid `in installments within a certain period of time or at the time of delivery of
goods or even after delivery of goods. The buyer can also connect payment of
price with the stage of completion of the work.
35.
The time of delivery of goods necessarily to be fixed in Istisna and a
maximum time may be agreed upon between the parties.