SME Products (Islamic) Alfalah Murabahah Financing
Product Overview:
Alfalah Murabahah is a Sale contract wherein the Bank, upon the request of the customer,
purchases an asset or commodity from the Supplier/Vendor and then sells it to the Customer on
an immediate or deferred payment basis. It refers to a type of sale where the seller discloses
the cost of commodity and the amount of profit being charged,
Underlying Islamic Mode:
Murabahah
Type Of Product:
Corporate/Commercial/ SME
Basis For Pricing! Return:
The payment of the Murabahah price may be paid:
At Spot at the time of sale
In Installments
In lump Sum (bullet) after a certain time period.
As Murabahah requires disclosure of cost & profit to customer, Bank is obliged to disclose to
customer Incurred cost of goods and profit charged thereon.
Murabahah Price= Cost + Profit (KIBOR + Spread).
Uses of Murabahah:
Working Capital:
Facilitates Working capital needs such as Purchase of raw material, goods & merchandise for
manufacturing concerns.
Trade Finance:
Facilitates Import Finance and Export Financing (Pre-shipment).
Unique Selling Points:
Flexible Repayment
Competitive pricing
Fixed reducing balance basis
Variable Tenures

Minimum & Maximum Financing Limit:
Small Enterprises (SE): 25 Mi
Medium Enterprise (ME): 200Mln
Commercial Customers: Exceed Rs.200Mln
Corporate Customers: Exceed Rs.300Mln
Tenure
S. No
Facility Type
Maximum Tenor
1
Trade Finance
Up to 180 days
2
Working Capital Finance
Up to 1 year
3
Letter of Credit for Import of Machinery
Up to 18 Months
Other Salient Features:
The following are the rules governing a Murabahah transaction:
Asset/Commodity being utilized in Murabahah sale must exist at the time of the Murabahah.
Asset/Commodity being utilized should be in the ownership, either actual or constructive, of the
seller at the time of sale.
Asset/Commodity being utilized must be in physical or constructive possession of the seller at
the time of Sale
Asset/Commodity be ng utilized should be a property having value.
Asset/Commodity be ng utilized should not be a thing used for an un-Islamic (Haram) purpose.
Asset/Commodity be ng utilized must be specifically known and identifiable to the buyer.
Murabahah sale must be instant and absolute.
Delivery of the sold commodity to the buyer must be certain.
Certainty of price is a necessary condition for the validity of the sale.
No, Price in a Murabahah sale, once fixed, cannot be changed.
Bank can charge a penalty for the overdue of payment period. However, this penalty amount
cannot be credited into the Bank’s income. Rather, it is credited to a Charity Account from
where the amount is used for charitable purposes.