SME Products (Islamic) Alfalah Musharakah Asset Finance
Product Overview:
Asset finance is an investment facility in which bank and customer jointly
purchase asset which is used by customer by paying certain amount of rent to
the bank for the use of bank’s share in the Musharaka asset
Underlying Islamic Mode:
Diminishing Musharakah
Application:
Vehicle for Commercial Use/ Corporate Asset including plant and machinery,
land building etc.
Balance Transfer facility is also allowed
Type of Product:
Corporate/Commercial/SME
Basis for Pricing Return:
KIBOR + Spread
Basic Concepts:
The customer approaches Bank with the request for financing.
The Bank enters into Sharikat-ul-Musharakah (Joint ownership) agreement with
the customer and both of them pay their respective shares to the seller of the
asset.
Customer pays rent for the use of Bank's share in the property.
Ownership of the asset is gradually transferred to the customer in the form of
Musharakah Unit(s) upon purchase and payment of their prices at regular
intervals.
Maximum financing limit:
Small Enterprises (SE): 25 Min
Medium Enterprise (ME): 200Mln
Commercial Customers: Exceed Rs.200Mln
Corporate Customers: Exceed Rs.300Mln
Eligibility Criteria:
Corporate Customer for Corporate Asset Financing:
Where Musharakah Asset Finance facility is allowed for projects/ plants &
machinery, equipment, vehicles etc. the technical appraisal should cover the

aspects as follows:
239.
Description of the project
240.
Manufacturing process & products
241.
Facilities for the Implementation of the project
242.
Plant & Machinery (foreign or local) Estimated cost of project
243.
Estimated cost of production
244.
Investigation with regards to the:
245.
Performance of similar plants, if any installed in the country
246.
Utilization of their installed capacities
247.
Availability of facilities required for the implementation of the project
248.
Source of supply of machinery
249.
Prices and output of machinery, and
250.
Cost of facilities and other production factors etc.
251.
Financial Appraisals: Financial statements of the Customer for three to
five years.
252.
Financial Projections