SME Products (Islamic) Alfalah Salam Financing
Product Overview:
Alfalah Salam is used as a mode of finance to cater to the working capital needs of
agriculture sector and manufacturers / exporters of homogenous commodities that
are of standardized and readily available in the market. It is a sale of special nature
whereby the Seller undertakes to supply some specþfic commodity (ies) / asset(s)
("Goods") to Buyer at a future date in exchange for an advance price fully paid at
spot. Hence, the price is paid in cash whereas delivery of the purchased Goods is
deferred.
Underlying Islamic Mode:
Salam
Type Of Product:
Corporate/ Commercial/ SME
Basis For Pricing/ Return:
KIBOR+Spread
Basic Concept:
Step 1: Order to Manufacture/ Produce by Bank
Customer and Bank enters into Salam Agreement under which Bank orders the
customer to produce/manufacture/supply a certain Asset (specified items) for Bank
against advance payment.
Step 2: Delivery of Asset by the Customer
After producing/manufacturing the asset, the asset is delivered to the bank by the
customer.
Step 3: Sale of Asset in the market
After taking delivery bank sells the asset into the market either directly or by
appointing someone as his agent orb
making customer as an agent
Salam Product Variants:
SalamExport
Salam-Local
Salam-lJSD/FE-2
Islamic Export Refinance Facility(IERF)-Under Salam

Application of Alfalah Salam Financing:
Salam can be extended for the following commodities:
"Agricultural produce of all nature, manufactured produce such as Refined Sugar,
Raw Sugar, Edible Oils, Milk, Milk Powder, Raw Cotton, Jute, Yarn, Raw Rubber,
Plastic Resin, Finished Leather, Chemicals of Homogenous nature, Fertilizers,
Processed Seeds, Poultry Feed, Glass Sheets, Flour, Steel Bars, M.S. Angels /
Channels / Patti, M.S. Billets, M.S. Girders etc."
It is used as a mode of finance in Islamic Banks to cater to the working capital needs
bf agriculture sector and manufacturers / exporters of homogenous commodities
that are of standardized and readily available in the market
Maximum financing limit:

Small Enterprises (SE): 25Ml

Medium Enterprise (ME): 200Mln
Commercial Customers: Exceed Rs.200Mln
Corporate Customers: Exceed Rs.300Mln
Tenure (maximum)
Financing to Personal Borrowers:
S. No.
Facility Type
Maximum Tenor
1
Trade Finance
U to 180 days
2
Working Capital Finance
Up to 1 year
Other Salient Features:
For Salam Facility
Subject Matter should be Homogenous products
Subject Matter should be Halal products
Subject Matter should be Commonly available products
Subject Matter should be a product that require spot delivery
Subject Matter should be described in salam agreement with complete details
against quality specification and quantity.
Quantity of subject matter shall be expressed as per trade norms
Place and date of delivery shall be specified in the Trade Agreement.
Entire salam price shall be paid in advance
Subject matter cannot be affected for goods from a particular field, farm or
manufacturing uni
In case of delay in delivery of goods, charity will be recovered as per predetermined

percentage of charity, mentioned in salam agreement, to be parked in charity fund
account.