Falah Mahana Munafa Term Deposit
Nature of Product:
A profit bearing account based on the principles
of Mudarabah, where Customer is “Rab-ul-Maal”
and Bank is “Mudarib”. Bank may, at its
discretion, use or employ such funds as it deems
fit under the products and avenues approved by
Shariah Board of the Bank. Bank shall share the
profit on the basis of predetermined profit
sharing ratio. Return on deposits will be based on
predetermined weightages for each month or any
interval decided by the bank and announced as
per SBP’s instructions. A sheet containing Profit
Sharing Ratio and Weightages information shall
be available on Customer’s demand and also be
placed at the public notice board of branches and
on the website of the bank.
In the event of loss to the pool, all the investors
of the pool shall share such loss proportionate to
their investment. The Bank may at its option also
participate in Mudarabah pool as “Rab-ul-Maal”
by comingling its own equity/funds and the funds
of other depositor including the current deposits
as and when required.
Currency
Pak Rupees only
Term
1-Year
2-Years
4-Years
5-Years
Minimum Investment
Requirement:
Rs 100,000/-
Range for profit eligibility:
Rs 100,000/- and above
Structure:
Tiered structure. Profit payable monthly.
Profit calculation basis:
Profit payable on monthly basis.
Where the deposit is terminated prior to
maturity, profit shall be calculated paid/adjusted
as per details given under heading of “Pre-
mature encashment treatment”.
Frequency of Profit Payment:
Payment of profit to the account shall be made
within 7
working days after becoming due or as instructed

by State
Bank of Pakistan, on monthly basis. Profit
payment shall be
value dated to the 1st of the month.
Privileges:
As per Schedule of Charges
Statutory:
WHT and Zakat as per Government’s rules
Others:
Rollover shall take place on specific written
instructions of the client.
Premature Encashment Treatment:
Tenure Completed
Basis for Profit
Encashment Prior to 1 Month
Profit shall be calculated and paid on the basis of
latest actual declared monthly profit rate of
regular saving account for the relevant period of
stay of deposit with IBG.
1 Month or more but less
than 3 months
Profit shall be calculated and paid/adjusted on
the basis of actual declared monthly profit rate(s)
of respective tier of one-month Term Deposit
category for the relevant period of stay of deposit
with the IBG.
3 Month or more but less
than 6 months
Profit shall be calculated and paid/adjusted on
the basis of actual declared monthly profit rate(s)
of respective tier of three-month Term Deposit
category for the relevant period of stay of deposit
with IBG.
6 Month or more but less
than 1 year
Profit shall be calculated and paid/adjusted on
the basis of actual declared monthly profit rate(s)
of respective tier of six-month Term Deposit
category for the relevant period of stay of deposit
with the IBG.
1 Year or more but less than
2 year
Profit shall be calculated and paid/adjusted on
the basis of actual declared monthly profit rate(s)
of respective tier of one-year Term Deposit
category for the relevant period of stay of deposit
with IBG.
2 Year or more but less than
3 year
Profit shall be calculated and paid/adjusted on
the basis of actual declared monthly profit rate(s)
of respective tier of two-year Term Deposit
category for the relevant period of stay of deposit
with the IBG.
3 Year or more but less than
5 year
Profit shall be calculated and paid/adjusted on
the basis of actual declared monthly profit rate(s)
of respective tier of three-year Term Deposit

category for the relevant period of stay of deposit
with the IBG.
In case of non-availability of profit rates for any
required tier, profit rate of regular savings
account shall be applied for calculation of profit
in case of premature encashment
Other Terms & Conditions:
As detailed in Account Opening Form