Target Saving Deposit
Product Features
A profit bearing account based on the principles of Mudarabah, where Customer is
“Rab-ul-Maal” and Bank is “Mudarib”. Bank may, at its discretion, use or employ such
funds as it deems fit under the products and avenues approved by the Shariah Board of
the Bank. Bank shall share the profit on the basis of predetermined profit sharing ratio.
Return on deposits will be based on predetermined weightages for each month or any
interval decided by the bank and announced as per SBP’s instructions. A sheet
containing this information shall be available on Customer’s demand and also be placed
at the public notice board of branches and on the website of the bank.
In the event of loss to the pool, all the investors of the pool shall share such loss
proportionate to their investment. The Bank may at its option also participate in
Mudarabah Pool as “Rab-ul-Maal” by comingling its own equity/funds and the funds of
other depositors including the current deposits as and when required.
Currency: Pak Rupees only
Minimum Investment Requirement: Rs. 2000 monthly, Rs. 6000 quarterly, Rs.
12,000 semiannually & Rs. 24,000 annually
Term: Multiple term options starting from 1 year up to 10 years.
Structure: Single tier structure
Profit calculation basis:

Profit calculation on daily basis

Profit for the final month shall be calculated as the per the latest declared profit rate(s)
Frequency of Profit Payment: Monthly Profit disbursement in customer’s checking
account
Statutory: WHT and Zakat as per Government’s rules
Others:

Rollover applicable as per the instructions given on the request form

No premature encashment fee
Other Terms & Conditions: As detailed in Request form

Missed Instalments: Not being able to pay the installment until the 10th of the
month when due, will violate the contract and the product will be liquidated
automatically. In such cases the customer will be returned the accumulated balance
and the profit as per declared rates
Eligibility Criteria
All IBG current and saving account holders are eligible except for corporations, government
entities and FCY deposits.