Mutual Funds
Product Name and brief description:
MUTUAL FUNDS:
Mutual Funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from
investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as bonds, money markets
instruments, Sukuks, stock markets and other financial securities.
Product Feature and Benefits:

Well regulated and transparent

Variety of investment avenues

Choices of receiving income/profits

Professional money management

Affordable Investment

Diversification with small values

Minimum paper work

Tax benefits
FAQs
Are Returns in Mutual Funds Guaranteed?
No the returns in Mutual Funds are not guaranteed. The returns may fluctuate
depending on the underlying market performance.
Can I lose money in investments in Stock Funds?
Yes your invested amount may decrease if you invest in stock funds if the market is
experiencing a downturn. However if you invest in low risk funds the principal amount
will not decrease.
Is there a minimum investment period for Mutual Funds?
No. You can redeem your investment and any profit at any time, generally there is no
minimum investment period.
Will I Get cash when I redeem or take out my investment from my mutual
fund?
No. It will be credited in you account or provided in form of a cheque.

Product Type
1-Equity Schemes:
An equity scheme or equity fund is a fund that invests in Equities more commonly
known as stocks. The objective of an equity fund is long-term growth through capital
appreciation, although dividends and capital gain realized are also sources of revenue.
Currently Offers:

Alfalah GHP Alpha Fund

Alfalah GHP Stock Fund

Alfalah GHP Islamic Stock Fund.
2-Balanced Schemes:
These funds provide investors with a single mutual fund that invests in both stocks and
debt instruments and with this diversification aimed at providing the potential upside
from equity investments, while providing stability of returns through fixed income
investments. Between 30% to 70% of net assets have to remain invested in listed
equity securities at all times.
3-Asset Allocation Scheme:
These Funds may invest their assets in any type of securities at any time in order to
diversify their assets across multiple types of securities & investment styles as specified
in their Offering Document.
Currently Offers: Alfalah GHP Value Funds
4-Fund of Funds Scheme:
Fund of Funds – also known as ‘Managing the Manager’ - are those funds which invest
in other mutual funds. Other categories of funds are not allowed to invest in mutual
funds, only Fund of Funds schemes can do that.
Currently Offers:

Alfalah GHP Islamic Prosperity Planning Fund

Alfalah GHP Islamic Active Allocation Plan II

Alfalah GHP Islamic Active Allocation Plan III


Alfalah GHP Islamic Balance Allocation Plan

Alfalah GHP Islamic Moderate Allocation Plan

Alfalah GHP Prosperity Planning Fund

Alfalah GHP Active Allocation Plan

Alfalah GHP Conservative Allocation Plan

Alfalah GHP Moderate Allocation Plan
5-Capital Protected Scheme:
Capital Protected Funds make investments in such a manner that the original amount of
investment is protected/guaranteed. Such funds, while categorized as open-ended, are
for a limited duration, and the capital protection is only valid if the investment is held till
the maturity of the fund.
Currently Offers:

Alfalah Capital Preservation Fund II

Alfalah GHP Islamic Prosperity Planning Fund

Capital Preservation Plan IV

Capital Preservation Plan V
6-Income Scheme:
These funds focus on providing investors with a steady stream of fixed income. They
invest in short term and long term debt instruments like TFCs, government securities
like T-bills/PIBs, or Term Deposit Receipts (TDRs). The fund can only invest in at least
investment grade instruments. The weighted average time to maturity of net assets
cannot exceed 4 years.
Currently Offers:
253.
Alfalah GHP Sovereign Fund
254.
Alfalah GHP Income Fund
255.
Alfalah GHP Islamic Income Fund
7-Money Market Schemes:
Money Market Funds are among the lowest risk of the different categories of mutual
funds. These funds invest in short term debt instruments such as Treasury bills and
bank deposits. The weighted average time to maturity of the net assets cannot exceed
90 days.
Currently Offers:
236.
Alfalah Money Market Fund

237.
Alfalah GHP Income Fund
8-Shariah Compliant (Islamic) Scheme:
Islamic funds are those funds which invest in Shariah Compliant securities i.e. shares,
Sukuk, Ijarah sukuks etc. as may be approved by the Shariah Advisor of such funds.
These funds can be offered under the same categories as those of conventional funds,
i.e. Every conventional scheme can have an equivalent Shariah Compliant scheme.
Target Market
Investments can be made by visiting/ contacting as or through online channels using
the Alfa App.
188.
Individual
189.
Corporate Investors
Eligibility Criteria
125.
Investor must be a Pakistan Passport holder
126.
Investor shall only make investment in PKR
Documentation Required
For Individuals:
70. Account Opening Form
71. Investment Form
72. Cheque/Online Transfer Slip/RTGS Letter
73. Copy of Valid CNIC/NICOP/Passport
74. Any Documentary evidence providing reasonable assurance in identifying the SOURCE
of funds (Also required for Joint Holder in any)
75. Zakat Affidavit (In case of Zakat exemption)
76. Copy of Nominee(s) Valid CNIC/NICOP/Passport
77. Copy of Joint Holder(s) Valid CNIC/NICOP/Passport
78. Business / Employment Proof (Also required for Joint Holder if any)
79. W-9 Form (U.S Citizen)
80. W-8BEN Form (U.S Citizen)
For Corporates:

List of Authorized Signatories with specimen signatures on company letter head OR
certified copy
For Partnership:
Detail of Partners ( Name, Address, Phone Numbers)
Copy of valid CNIC of all partners
Copy of Laters Financial statements
Certified copy of partnership Deed.
For Joint Stock Company/Trust:
Copy of valid CNIC of all Directors/Trustees
Copy of Laters Financial statements (Audited)
Certified copy of Memorendum and Articles of Association/Trust Deed
Board/Trustee/Governing Body Resolution
For Club Societies and Associations
Certified copy of Certification of registration
Certified copy of by Laws/Rules and Regulations
Copy of Laters Financial statements
Board/Trustee/Governing Body Resolution
For Executors/Administrators:
Copy of Valid CINCs of all Executors/Administrators
Certified copy of Letter of Administration
Note: Tax and Zakat Exemption Certificates/Affidavit are mandatory if exempted.
Registration Process

Associated Charges
Following are a few costs (transaction specific) which an investor has to bear when he
invests with a mutual fund, namely:
“Sales Load” this charge is applicable to investors when they purchase units.
“Management Fee” this charge is an Annual Fee payable by the mutual fund to the
management company for managing the mutual fund. As per NBFC Rules an asset
management company can charge upto 3% of the average net annual assets of the
fund for the first five years of its operations and then upto 2% of such average net
annual assets.
The above mentioned costs are subject to change from time to time after meeting the
necessary regulatory approvals and formalities as required.
Related TATs
Description
TAT
Investment
3 Working Days

Redemption
3 Working Days
Conversion
2 Working Days
Certificate Request
2 Working Days
Statement Request
1 Day
Note: Subjected to remove all discrepancies.