Conventional Premier VISA Signature Debit Card
Product Features/ Benefits/ Unique Selling Points:
Issuance:

Free Issuance (no annual fee)

Instant issuance through lounges (On hold due to IRIS Migration)

For sub lounge & non lounges, TAT is 3/4 working days.
International and local Concierge Services:
Exclusive 24-hour Concierge Service assists your travel or entertainment plans:

Flight reservations

Hotel reservations

Restaurant reservations

Car rental reservations including airport pick up and drop

Event ticket purchases

Planning a trip
To view the list of concierge services available and lists of discounts available on travel,
shopping, sports and entertainment and fine wine and food please visit
Please contact the VISA Signature Concierge Services helpline for Pakistan at +971 4
361 1234 or 111 225 226.
Hotels:
You can now get unmatched beneﬁts at over 900 hotels worldwide:

Best available rates

Automatic room upgrades upon arrival

Complimentary breakfast

Complimentary room Wi-Fi

Valet service

USD 25 food and beverage credit

VIP guest status

3 PM check-out
To avail preferred rates available on hotel bookings please visit
https://www.visaluxuryhotels.com and browse through the list of hotels in your selected
destination. To view the current deals on hotel booking available on your Visa Signature
card, please visit .

Airport Lounges Complimentary Access:
As an Alfalah Premier VISA Signature Debit Cardholder, you can enjoy the following
beneﬁts:

Complimentary access* to over 650 global lounges through your Lounge Key** in more
than 300 cities. Key destinations include Paris, New York, London, Dubai and Budapest.
Guests will be charged US $ 27.00 per guest per visit

Complimentary access to CIP lounges

Discounted pricing on Meet and Assist Services through YQ, which helps in quick
immigration and clearance through customs at over 400 airports worldwide. For further
details, please visit . To avail the discounts, visit https://cemea.yqnowgroup.com/ and
click on “Book Now”. Select your travel destination and enter the first 6 digits of your
card to book the service at a discounted rate
*In order to be eligible for unlimited access to global lounges, one international
transaction of at least $1.00 in calendar year is required. In case the eligibility criteria is
not met, one complimentary visit will be allowed after which cardholder will be charged
$27.00 for each visit.
**Simply present your Alfalah Premier VISA Signature Debit Card at a lounge and
request for your Lounge Key. The complimentary access is only available on a
registered card. You will need to register at and click on “APP SIGN-UP”. To view the
list of available lounges, please visit.
Additional Benefits:
274.
International Golf Clubs -Exclusive discounts on green fee, food and beverage and
pro shops internationally. For further details, please visit visamiddleeast.com
275.
Shapes-Karachi and Lahore 7 free visits to Shapes every month. An additional visit
will be charged as per SOC. The facilities include access to the executive gym, ladies
and gents’ gym, sauna, pool, jacuzzi, squash, badminton, table tennis courts and kids’
gym
276.
Spas and resorts Complimentary access and discounted offers at spas and resorts.
For the complete list of all our partners, please visit bankalfalah.com and
visamiddleeast.com

Eligibility Criteria
In order to have a Premier Visa Signature Debit Card, you need to maintain six monthly
average balance as per the following thresholds:
243.
Current Account: PKR 2 Million, or
244.
Current & Savings (Combination): PKR 3 Million in Savings and PKR 1 Million
in Current Account, or
245.
Saving Account: PKR 5 Million
Transactional Information
Transactional Limits:
Purchase or POS Machine- PKR 600,000
ATM Withdrawal- PKR 500,000
Funds Transfer- PKR 250,000
Documentation Required
Premier Debit Card issuance against New Premier Accounts:
Sub-lounges / Non-Lounges
195.
All Premier Visa Signature Debit Card applications against new Premier
Accounts will be made on the Premier Debit Card Application (last page of the Premier
AOF).
196.
This will then have to be uploaded on Rosetta along with the premier AOF
197.
For full scale lounges, premier debit cards will be issued through the instant
issuance machines deployed on-site as per current process (instant issuance has been
temporarily suspended. Lounges are advised to follow the same process as sub-lounge
& non-lounge for card processing till further notice).
Premier Debit Card issuance against existing premier Accounts: (where initially
debit card was not issued at the time of account opening)
Sub-lounges / Non-Lounges

133.
All Premier Visa Signature Debit Card applications against such premier
funded accounts where initially debit card was not issued at the time of account
opening will be made on the ‘Debit Card Application/record update form’.
134.
This will then have to be uploaded on Rosetta for premier debit card
processing - Card type should be marked as ‘other’ and stated as ‘Premier Visa
Signature Debit Card’
135.
For full scale lounges, premier debit cards will be issued through the
instant issuance machines deployed on-site as per current process (instant issuance has
been temporarily suspended. Lounges are advised to follow the same process as sub-
lounge & non-lounge for card processing till further notice).
Premier Debit Card upgrade:(where client already has an existing debit card against
an account meeting premier thresholds)
Lounges / Sub-Lounges / Non-Lounges
81. In case a premier client already has a debit card against an existing account meeting
the premier threshold, ‘debit card application/record update form’ needs to be filled in
entirety and signed for card upgrade. This Should only be done for clients tagged
“premier” in T-24.
82. The option of card upgrade should be tick marked as ‘Yes’ and card type should be tick
marked as ‘other’ clearly mentioning “Premier Visa Signature Debit Card” on the debit
card application/record update form
83. This will then have to be forwarded via BPM to consumer ops (CFG) along with the
following supporting documents. Premier Tagging of the client is will also be visible in
BPM at the time of inputting card upgrade request.All such applications should be
logged in the card issuance a card upgrade menu of BPM with card type selected as
“premier signature” from the drop down menu.
83.
debit card upgrade IOM
83.
coding sheet
83.
copy of O/S customer’s CNIC
84. Original application will be handled in the same as way as conventional debit
card maintenance requests
Premier Debit Card Issuance TAT – 2 working days (in case of no discrepancy)
Escalation Matrix for Premier Debit Card Processing and Delivery
Level
CFG
Card Processing
Card Delivery
Level 1
Qaiser Nisar (0321-4097006
/ IP:
4259)
Rana.qaiser@bankalfalah.com
Ali Mahmood (0331- 4414424 / IP: 4279)
ali.mahmood@bankalfalah.com

Level 2
Sahibullah (IP: 4196)
sahibullah@bankalfalah.com
Level 3
Ahsan Naveed (IP: 4363)
ahsann@bankalfalah.com
Note 1: For card delivery details, CTS should be used to avoid unnecessary email
traffic.
Note 2: Please obtain prior approval from the Premier proposition team for processing
of premier debit card applications against non-funded accounts.
Associated Charges
All charges will be charged as per the bank’s schedule of charges. Please find below link for
your reference.