Alfalah Islamic Premier Card
Product Features
Product Features/ Benefits/ Unique Selling Points:
International and local Concierge Services:
Exclusive 24-hour Concierge Service assists your travel or entertainment plans:

Flight reservations

Hotel reservations

Restaurant reservations

Car rental reservations including airport pick up and drop

Event ticket purchases

Planning a trip
To view the list of concierge services available and lists of discounts available on travel,
shopping, sports and entertainment and fine wine and food please visit
Please contact the VISA Signature Concierge Services helpline for Pakistan at +971 4
361 1234 or 111 225 226.
Hotels:
You can now get unmatched beneﬁts at over 900 hotels worldwide:

Best available rates

Automatic room upgrades upon arrival

Complimentary breakfast

Complimentary room Wi-Fi

Valet service

USD 25 food and beverage credit

VIP guest status

3 PM check-out
Airport Lounges Complimentary Access:
As an Alfalah Islamic Premier VISA Signature Debit Cardholder, you can enjoy the
following beneﬁts:

Complimentary access to over 650 global lounges through your Lounge Key* in more
than 300 cities. Key destinations include Paris, New York, London, Dubai and Budapest.
Guests will be charged US $ 27.00 per guest per visit


Complimentary access to CIP lounges along with a guest

Discounted pricing on Meet and Assist Services through YQ, which helps in quick
immigration and clearance through customs at over 400 airports worldwide. For further
details, please visit .To avail the discounts, visit https://cemea.yqnowgroup.com/ and
click on “Book Now”. Select your travel destination and enter the first 6 digits of your
card to book the service at a discounted rate
*Simply present your Alfalah Islamic Premier VISA Signature Debit Card at a lounge and
request for your Lounge Key. The complimentary access is only available on a
registered card. You will need to register at and click on “APP SIGN-UP”. To view the
list of available lounges, please visit .
Global Customer Assistance Offers:
GCAS exists to provide our Visa Signature cardholders with the world-class customer
service that they deserve. Providing essential services when they need it most, GCAS
adds genuine value to the Visa Signature card holder when they travel.

Lost or stolen card reporting

Emergency card replacement

Emergency cash disbursement up to US$5,000

Emergency payment authorization
Banks to register for GCAS services with Visa for more information on what GCAS can
offer, call +971 4 361 1234
Issuance
279.
Free Issuance of Islamic Premier Debit Card (no annual, issuance or replacement
charges)
280.
Instant Issuance in lounges (The facility is currently not available)
Additional Benefits
251.
International Golf Clubs -Exclusive discounts on green fee, food and beverage
and pro shops internationally. For further details, please visit visamiddleeast.com
252.
Shapes-Karachi and Lahore 7 free visits to Shapes every month. An additional
visit will be charged as per SOC per visit. The facilities include access to the executive
gym, ladies and gents’ gym, sauna, pool, jacuzzi, squash, badminton, table tennis
courts and kids’ gym.
*Note: The charges above free visits are subject to change at the discretion of Shapes.

253.
Spas and resorts Complimentary access and discounted offers at spas and
resorts. For the complete list of all our partners, please visit bankalfalah.com and
visamiddleeast.com
Instant Issuance in lounges (The facility is currently not available)
Following are statistics of Islamic Premier Debit card as per grid shared by you:
Description
Islamic Premier Debit Card
Issuance/ Annual/ Replacement Fee
Free
Minimum Balance
Card is issued based on CIF tagging to Islamic
However, in order to be Islamic Premier custom
-
CASA – PKR 3 Mn or equivalent FCY
TDR – PKR 5 Mn or equivalent FCY
Eligible Account Category
PKR Islamic Premier accounts only
Orbits
0.40 on every spend of PKR 50/- at POS
Sign up Orbits
400
ATM Cash Withdrawal
PKR 500,000
CIP Lounge
Yes
Alfalah Premier Lounge
Yes
International Lounges via Lounge Key
Yes
Shapes
10 free visits (Karachi and Lahore)
Eligibility Criteria
In order to have an Islamic Premier Visa Signature Debit Card, you need to maintain
quarterly average balance as per the following thresholds:
198.
Current and Savings Account: PKR 3 Million in CA, SA or combination of two
or
199.
TDRs: PKR 5 Million
Documentation Required
Islamic Premier Debit Card issuance against New Islamic Premier Accounts
Non-Lounges

136.
All Islamic Premier Visa Signature Debit Card applications against new
Islamic Premier Accounts will be made on the Islamic Premier Debit Card Application
(already part of Islamic Premier AOF).
137.
This will then have to be uploaded on Rosetta along with the Islamic
premier AOF
138.
For full scale lounges, Islamic premier debit cards will be issued through
the instant issuance machines deployed on-site as per current process (instant issuance
has been temporarily suspended. Lounges are advised to follow the same process as
non-lounge for card processing till further notice).
Islamic Premier Debit Card issuance against existing Islamic premier
Accounts (where initially debit card was not issued at the time of account opening)
Non-Lounges
85. All Islamic Premier Visa Signature Debit Card applications against such Islamic premier
funded accounts where initially debit card was not issued at the time of account
opening will be made on the ‘Debit Card Application/record update form’.
86. This will then have to be uploaded on Rosetta for Islamic premier debit card processing
86.
Card type should be marked as ‘Islamic Premier Visa Signature Debit
Card’
86.
For full scale lounges, Islamic premier debit cards will be issued
through the instant issuance machines deployed on-site as per current process (instant
issuance has been temporarily suspended. Lounges are advised to follow the same
process as non-lounge for card processing till further notice).
Islamic Premier Debit Card upgrade
Lounges / Non-Lounges (where client already has an existing debit card against an
account meeting Islamic premier thresholds)
In case an Islamic premier client already has a debit card against an existing account
meeting the Islamic premier threshold, ‘debit card application/record update form’
needs to be filled in entirety and signed for card upgrade. This Should only be done for
clients tagged “Islamic premier” in T-24.
The option of card upgrade should be tick marked as ‘Yes’ and card type should be tick
marked as “Islamic Premier Visa Signature Debit Card” on the debit card
application/record update form
This will then have to be forwarded via BPM to consumer ops (CFG) along with the
following supporting documents. Islamic Premier Tagging of the client is will also be
visible in BPM at the time of inputting card upgrade request.

Islamic Premier Debit Card Application/ Record Update Form
coding sheet
copy of O/S customer’s CNIC
All such applications should be logged in the card issuance , card upgrade menu of BPM
with card type selected as “norm” from the drop down menu.
Original application will be handled in the same as way as conventional debit card
maintenance requests
Islamic Premier Debit Card Issuance TAT – 3 working days (error free, complete
applications)
Escalation Matrix for Islamic Premier Debit Card Processing and Delivery
Level
CFG
Premier
Card Processing
Card Delivery
Level 1
Qaiser Nisar (0321-4097006 / IP: 4259)
Rana.qaiser@bankalfalah.com
Ali Mahmood
(03314414424/IP:4279 )
ali.mahmood@bankalfalah.com
Branch
Level 2
Sahibullah (IP: 4196)
sahibullah@bankalfalah.com
Islamic
Office
ipho@b
Level 3
Ahsan Naveed (IP: 4363)
ahsann@bankalfalah.com
Note 1: For card delivery details, CTS should be used to avoid unnecessary email
traffic.
Note 2: Please obtain prior approval from the Islamic Premier proposition team for
processing of premier debit card applications against non-funded accounts.
Transactional Information
Transaction Limit:
Purchase or POS Machine- PKR 600,000
ATM Withdrawal- PKR 500,000
Funds Transfer- PKR 250,000

Currently, Islamic Premier Services are available in limited cities only.