Bank Alfalah Islamic Premier
Bank Alfalah Islamic Premier Proposition offers exclusive perks for Shari’ah
compliant banking solutions that are well tailored to suit high net worth customer’s
unique and individual needs.
New Islamic Premier Account Opening:

In case of opening an NTB Islamic Premier Account, Islamic Premier tagging and
threshold marking shall be done at the time of account opening in the system by the
branch.

In case of a new Islamic Premier Account being opened by an existing client, IOM must
be submitted with the Islamic premier account opening form for tagging of existing
client ID to Islamic Premier and threshold marking. This should be uploaded on
workflow along with the Islamic Premier account opening form and sent to CAO.

All Islamic Premier accounts shall only be entertained on Islamic Premier Account
Opening Forms
Client Upgrade Process (For ETB clients who want to migrate existing account(s) to
Islamic Premier)

Qualifying clients will be tagged ‘Islamic Premier’ on a quarterly basis by the Islamic
premier proposition team

For out of cycle upgrades, client eligibility should be checked by the branch based on
last three months average balance, which should be as per Islamic premier thresholds
i.e.
Type
CASA (Current Account/ Saving Account)
TDR* (Term Deposit Receipt)
– Terms and Conditions Apply

IOM (approved by Islamic Premier Proposition Team/ Head of Cross Sell, Liabilities and
Product Management) should be uploaded on rosetta for CIF tagging and Islamic
premier threshold marking via CAO (i.e. Prem3M, Prem5M or Prem7M, whichever is
applicable) for qualifying clients only


CAO will change Customer Tagging, which should be validated by the branch through
the following T-24 screen.

These charges are subject to change on half-yearly basis.

Apart from this, all bank service charges will be applicable as per Bank Alfalah Islamic's
current SOC.

In addition to above, all applicable Government levies will also be recovered.

Eligibility criteria, deposit slabs and list of charge waivers are applicable in PKR or
equivalent in foreign currency.

Islamic Premier Customers not maintaining the required quarterly balance as per the
eligibility criteria mentioned above will be downgraded.

Upon downgrade, all benefits and privileges will be discontinued

Currently, this facility will be available in limited cities only.
Exclusive Perks and Benefits: Mentioned below is a brief description related
to unique selling points of Bank Alfalah Islamic Premier Proposition:
S#
Unique Selling Point
Brief Description
1
Top Notch Alliances
The customers can eat shop, spend and enjoy quality life through com
internationally.
2
Fast Tracked
Services
Customers can become a part of the unmatched banking services at
3
Fee Waivers
Customers are entitled to general banking fee waivers and rate break
4
Relationship Driven
Banking
A skilled and trained relationship team will be available to assure qua
5
Accelerated Orbit
Rewards
Customers can earn accelerated orbit rewards upon availing and utiliz
6
Dedicated Channel
Strategy
Customers are provided with ease in access to bank’s helpline throug
arrangement.
7
Higher Spending
Limits
Customers can avail higher daily spend limits that gives them a flexib
8
Lounge Access and
Benefits
Customers can witness seamless services at designer Bank Alfalah Is
way of banking through Espresso Coffee and Cookies and a dedicated
9
Airport Lounges
Complimentary access to over 1100 global lounges through your Lou
Budapest. Guests will be charged US $ 27.00 per guest per visit.
Access to over 1300 Airport Lounges through Priority Pass.