Asaan Roshan Digital Account
Product Features
Alfalah Asaan Islamic Roshan Digital Account is a product variant of Islamic Roshan Digital
Account, for primarily lower income segments of NRPs and non-resident POC holders.
Documentation Required
All features/ requirements of Islamic Roshan Digital Account apply on Alfalah Asaan
Islamic Roshan Digital Account, however; with the exceptions of following.

Account shall be opened through a simplified onboarding process by obtaining original
scanned CNIC/NICOP/POC. Scanned photocopies of passport and/or any other
document (Iqama or contract) may also be acceptable.

Customer may open account without providing email address where the same is not
available. However a declaration shall be provided by the customer that the provided
mobile / cell number belongs to the customer and is in their use. Furthermore for using
ALFA and Internet Banking Services, email shall be mandatory.

Up to a maximum of USD 5,000/- equivalent foreign inward remittances per month in
Alfalah Asaan Islamic Roshan Digital Account shall be allowed.

Declaration/Undertaking from the customer for their profession and source of
funds/income (Annexure – A) shall be required. This declaration needs to be digitally
accepted.
FAQs
What is an Alfalah Asaan Islamic Roshan Digital Account?
Alfalah Asaan Islamic Roshan Digital Account is a product variant of Roshan Digital
Account, which is designed to offer further simplified onboarding experience aimed
primarily for the lower income segments of NRPs and non-resident POC holders or
opening account, in line with the provisions of SBP’s Framework for Remote Digital
Onboarding of Non-Resident Pakistanis (NRPs) and Non-Resident Pakistan Origin Card
(POC) Holders.
What are the product features of Alfalah Asaan Islamic Roshan Digital
Account?
All product features of Islamic Roshan Digital Account will apply on Alfalah Asaan
Islamic Roshan Digital Account. However, a foreign inward remittances in Alfalah Asaan
Islamic Roshan Digital Account has been set at a maximum of USD 5,000/- equivalent
foreign inward remittances per month.
How different or simple is Alfalah Asaan Islamic Roshan Digital Account
opening process?

Alfalah Asaan Islamic Roshan Digital Account offer even more simplified onboarding
process. During the Account Opening process the requirement for obtaining email
address is not mandatory. Customer shall provide his/her mobile number mandatorily
which will be used for verification and all further correspondences.
Additionally, in case customer does not have any formal document for profession and
source of funds/income, account will be opened on the basis of self-declaration from
customers.