Islamic Roshan Digital Account (for NRPs)
Product Features

Offered in multiple currencies; PKR, USD, GBP, Euro, AED, CAD, AUD and SAR

No minimum balance requirement

Free first cheque book

Account can be fed by Foreign Inward Remittances only.

Multiple investment opportunities: Shariah compliant Naya Pakistan Certificate, access
to stock market, etc.

Easy repatriation of funds

Free Debit Card on PKR accounts only (FCY to be added soon)

VISA Gold Debit Card will be issued

Debit card can be international POSs, but not on international ATMs

Free SMS alerts

Funds Transfer Facility Pakistan on both PKR and FCY (charges as per SoC)

Utility Bill Payment in Pakistan on both PKR and FCY (charges as per SoC)

Remittances & payments outside Pakistan

24/7 Internet Banking (charges as per SoC)

Free E-Statements

Monthly profit on savings accounts (both PKR and FCY) calculated on monthly average
balance
Target Market
1. Islamic Roshan Digital Account- PKR (Current and Savings account)- Can be opened by Non-
residents only
2. Islamic Roshan Digital Account- FCY* (Current and Savings account)- Can be opened by Non-
residents, and residents who have assets abroad declared with FBR (more details in the FAQs
*FCY includes USD, GBP, Euro, AED, CAD, AUD and SAR
Eligibility Criteria
Product will be offered to individuals above the age of 18, who are:

Non-Resident Pakistanis

Foreign Nationals having Pakistan Origin Card (POC);

Employees or officials of the Federal Government or a Provincial Government posted
abroad

Resident individuals having declared their assets held abroad, as per wealth statement
declared in the latest tax return with the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR). (For FCY
Roshan Digital account only)

Documentation Required
To process your application, the following supporting documents will be required:

Scanned Copy of Your CNIC/NICOP/POC

Scanned copy of Your Passport (first 2 pages, Pakistani and/or foreign/other country,
latest exit stamp on Pakistani Passport)

Photograph (Passport size)

Live photo (to be taken on the website)

Signature (scanned on white page)

Scanned copies of Overseas Pakistani Foundation (OPF) Card (if applicable)

Proof of NRP Status (scanned copy of POC, visa, entry/ exit stamps etc.)

Proof of profession and Source of Income/Funds (scanned copy of job certificate, tax
return, rent agreement, salary slips etc.)
The customer will also be communicated in case any further documentation is required
for their case.
Transactional Information
Funds transfer allowed
PKR Islamic RDA to other PKR Islamic RDAs in the same bank
PKR Islamic RDA to FCY Islamic RDA of the same customer (and vice versa)
PKR Islamic RDA and FCY Islamic RDA to any account in Pakistan (PKR and FCY) other than NRP
repatriable accounts (e.g. Alfalah NRP account)
Transfer to all accounts in Pakistan except NRP repatriable account (e.g. Alfalah NRP account)
For transfers done through internet banking, a conversion rate will also be displayed to
the customers.
FAQs
What is Roshan Digital Account?
Roshan Digital account is a State Bank of Pakistan driven initiative; in collaboration with
commercial banks operating in Pakistan to provide innovative banking solutions for millions of
Non-Resident Pakistanis (NRPs) seeking to undertake banking, payment and investment
activities in Pakistan.
How can individuals apply for Roshan Digital Accounts?

Non-resident Pakistanis may apply for their Roshan Digital Accounts with Bank Alfalah at hereas
resident individual Pakistanis can open their accounts with Bank Alfalah through the branches.
What is the account type and currencies available in Roshan Digital Account?
Bank Alfalah offers Roshan Digital Account in both Current (Qardh based) and Saving
(Mudarabah based) variants, which can be opened in the following categories:
(i)
Pakistani Rupees (PKR)
(ii) Foreign Currency (FCY), which includes:

US Dollar (USD)

Euro (EUR)

Canadian Dollar (CAD)

Great British Pound (GBP)

UAE Dirham (AED)

Australian Dollar (AUD)

Saudi Riyal (SAR)
What is a Qardh based account and why is Bank Alfalah Islamic’s Roshan Digital
Current Account, a Qard based account?
Islamic Roshan Digital Current Account is based on the concept of Qardh, (loan on demand),
where customer is the lender and Bank is the borrower. The amount deposited by Customer in
this account shall remain payable by the Bank to the customer until paid. Bank may at its
discretion use or employ such funds as it deems fit in approved Shari’ah Compliant
products/avenues. No profit is paid on the deposit.
What is a Mudarabah-based account and why is Bank Alfalah Islamic’s Roshan
Digital Savings Account, a Mudarabah-based account?
Mudarabah is a special kind of partnership, where the Customer is the Rab-ul-Maal (owner of
funds) and the Bank is the Mudarib (manager of the funds). The Bank as Mudarib may invest or
disinvest, at its sole discretion, amounts/deposits received by it from the Customers in any of
the businesses (businesses, transactions and products) of the Bank as it deems appropriate
under the products and avenues approved by the Shari’ah Board of the Bank. Profit is shared
according to profit sharing ratio and weightages. Loss, if any, is shared in proportion to the
investment/deposit of each depositor.
What is the eligibility criteria for the Roshan Digital Account with Bank Alfalah?
The following individuals above the age of 18 are eligible for Roshan Digital Account:
281.
Individual Non-Resident Pakistani Nationals (NRPs) having CNIC/SNIC/NICOP.
282.
A Non-Resident having Pakistan Origin Card (POC).

283.
Employees and officials of the Federal Government or Provincial Government posted abroad.
What is the definition of a Non-Resident Person?
An individual shall be a non-resident individual for a tax year* if the individual —
254.
is outside of Pakistan for a period of, or periods amounting in aggregate to, 183 days or
more in the tax year (July to June); or
255.
is outside of Pakistan for a period of, or periods amounting in aggregate to, 120 or more
in the tax year and, in the four years preceding the tax year, has been outside of Pakistan for a
period of, or periods amounting in aggregate to, 365 days or more.
*In the light of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001.
Any person not satisfying these criteria will be considered as a resident individual.
Can Resident Pakistanis open Roshan Digital Accounts?
Resident Pakistanis can only open Foreign Currency Roshan Digital Accounts at Bank Alfalah
through branches; provided that they have declared their assets held abroad, as per wealth
statement declared in the latest tax return with the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR).
Will a Conventional Roshan Digital account holder be allowed to open an Islamic
Roshan Digital Account?
Yes, a Conventional Roshan Digital Account holder can open an Islamic Roshan digital Account;
and vice versa.
Will an existing Roshan Digital Account holder be allowed to open a second Roshan
Digital Account?
Existing Roshan Digital Account holders can open another RDA. However, customers cannot
open two accounts in the same product, currency and company. For example: A customer
cannot open two PKR current accounts in IBG but can open one PKR Current account in IBG
and one PKR current account in Conventional business of BAFL.
What documents are required for opening a Roshan Digital Account?
The following documents will be required to open Roshan Digital Account:
200.
Scanned Copy of Your NICOP/POC OR Scanned Copy of Your CNIC/SNIC and
Passport (first 2 pages along with entry/exit stamp pages to establish identity with NRP status)
201.
Live photo
202.
Signature (scanned on white page)
203.
Scanned copies of Overseas Pakistani Foundation (OPF) Card (if applicable)
204.
Proof of profession and Source of Income/Funds
205.
CRS form
206.
FATCA form (if applicable)

207.
W8ben form (if applicable)
208.
W9 form (if applicable)
209.
Zakat Declaration form (if applicable)
What documents will be required to submit as proof of business and income by NRP
businesspersons?
The documents required as proof of business will be as below:
139.
Business Registration Document, OR
140.
Business/ Proprietor Letter Head, OR
141.
Iqama/ Work Permit showing Business/ Nature of Work etc. , OR Any other
Document evidencing the Profession
The following documents may be submitted as proof of income:
87. Receipt of Payment against the Work, OR
88. Account Statement, OR
89. Particulars of Income/ Funds Providers (e.g. Family Members/ Guardian/ Stipends/ Social
Benefits etc.) , OR
90. Tax Statement/ Return/ Certificate, OR
91. Any other Document evidencing Source of Income
A single document showing “Proof of Profession and Source of Income/ Funds” may also
suffice both the requirements.
What documents will be required to submit as proof of work and income by NRP
self- employed/non-salaried persons?
The documents required as proof of work will be as below:
Any Proof of Self Employment (e.g. Lawyer/ Doctor/ Consultant/ Freelancers/ Grocery Store/
Medical Store/ Labor Work etc.) , OR
Partnership/ Business Deed, OR
Housewives -Declaration, OR
Student ID Card/ Letter from Educational Institute, OR
Iqama/ Work Permit showing Business/ Nature of Work etc. , OR Any other Document
evidencing the Profession, OR
The following documents may be submitted as proof of income:
Receipt of Payment against the Work, OR

Account Statement, OR
Particulars of Income/ Funds Providers (e.g. Family Members/ Guardian/ Stipends/ Social
Benefits etc.) , OR
Tax Statement/ Return/ Certificate, OR
Any other Document evidencing Source of Income
A single document showing “Proof of Profession and Source of Income/ Funds” may also
suffice both the requirements.
What documents will be required to submit as proof of work and income by NRP
employed/ salaried persons?
The documents required as proof of profession will be as below:
Valid Job/ Employee Card
Employer/ Job Certificate, OR
Employment Contract, OR
Employer Letter, OR
Iqama/ Work Permit showing Profession/ Employment Details, OR
For Retired Persons, a copy of Retirement Letter/ Proof of Retirement, OR Any other Document
evidencing the Profession
The following documents may be submitted as proof of income:
Latest Salary Slip, OR
Salary Certificate, OR
Payment Slips/ Record, OR
Account Statement, OR
Tax Statement/ Return/ Certificate, OR
For Retired Persons, an evidence of Terminal Benefits/ Pension Book etc. , OR Any other
Document evidencing Source of Income
A single document showing “Proof of Profession and Source of Income/ Funds” may also
suffice both the requirements.

In case the customer has other income sources, what documents will be required to
submit as proof of their profession and income?
The following documents will be required:
Inheritance, OR
Agriculture income, OR Investment in Shariah Compliant securities, shares, etc. , OR
Investment in property, OR
Salaried/ Non-Salaried/ Self-employed/ unemployed deriving their income funds from these
sources may submit these as well.
How can the Roshan Digital Account be funded?
Funds in Roshan Digital Accounts can only be fed through remittances sent from abroad
through banking channels, money transfer operators (such as Western Union, Moneygram, etc)
and via exchange houses. These accounts cannot be credited with funds generated from local
sources. Pakistan Rupee (PKR) Roshan Digital account allows the following credits:
Credits from other PKR Roshan Digital Accounts (Islamic and Conventional) within Bank Alfalah
Credits from the customer’s own FCY Roshan Digital Accounts (Islamic and Conventional) within
Bank Alfalah
Proceeds from disinvestment/sale/maturity of Government of Pakistan’s Shariah Compliant
securities, residential and commercial real estate, quoted shares, Shariah Compliant term
deposits, and profit/rent/dividend on such securities/properties/shares/ deposits received on
account of investments made from the account.
Foreign Currency (FCY) Roshan Digital account allows the following credits:
Credits from the customer’s own PKR Roshan Digital Accounts (Islamic and Conventional) within
BankAlfalah
Profit on the permissible Shariah Compliant investments made from the account; along with dis-
investment proceeds from the permissible investments made from the account.
Can FCY Roshan Digital Accounts be funded from other FCY Roshan Digital Accounts?
No, FCY Roshan Digital Accounts can only be credited by remittances from abroad, or the
customer’s own PKR Roshan Digital Account.
Can cheque books be issued against the Roshan Digital account?
Yes, cheque book can be issued on Roshan Digital Accounts of all currencies through the
account opening portal.

How can customers request cheque books against their Roshan Digital account?
RDA applicants can apply for the cheque book during account opening or through Internet
Banking.
How can customer activate their Roshan Digital Account cheque book?
Customers can activate their chequebooks by calling our helpline, 111 225 226.
Can a debit card be issued against Roshan Digital account?
Currently only PKR Roshan Digital account holders can avail debit card facility.
Which debit card type/variant can be availed against PKR Roshan Digital account?
Alfalah Visa Gold can be availed against PKR Roshan Digital account.
Where will the debit card be delivered?
Debit card shall be delivered at customer’s provided correspondence address. In case the
customer is in Pakistan, customer can request chequebook delivery in parent branch by sending
an email at rda@bankalfalah.com.
What will be the issuance/annual fee of a debit card?
For relevant charges, please check the SOC by visiting our website or by following the link:
How can Roshan Digital Account holders activate their debit cards?
Roshan Digital Account holders can activate their debit cards through Internet Banking, as well
through the Contact Center at +92 111 225 226.
Can the debit card be used for cash withdrawal through ATMs internationally?
Currently this facility is not available on international ATMs. However, this card can be used on
ATMs within Pakistan.
Can the debit card be used on international Point of Sale (POS) terminals?
Yes, this debit card is accepted at over 30 million POS terminals in more than 150+ countries
around the globe.
What transactional limits are set on this debit card?
Below mentioned are the daily transactional limits set at a Visa Gold debit card:
S.No
Type
Limits
(PKR)

1
Purchase or POS Transactions
100,000
2
ATM Withdrawal at Local
ATMs only
150,000
3
Funds Transfer
250,000
How long will it take to deliver the debit card?
Delivery of debit cards shall take 15 days on average; however, this may vary subject to the
destination country.
Is Bank Alfalah Internet Banking available with Roshan Digital Account?
Yes, the customer will get Internet Banking access with both PKR and FCY account variants.
will the customers apply for Bank Alfalah Internet Banking?
Temporary internet banking ID will be automatically sent to new customers at the time of
temporary account number generation, followed by temporary internet banking ID and
password at the time of account activating.
The customer will then log-in to Bank Alfalah Internet Banking with the credentials provided at
the time of activating and set their permanent User ID and Password. The temporary
credentials will only be valid for 240 hours post account activating.
Existing customers will be required to add their Roshan Digital Accounts on Bank Alfalah
Internet Banking to proceed.
How can existing customers link their Roshan Digital Accounts on Bank Alfalah
Internet Banking
Existing customers can link their Roshan digital accounts on Bank Alfalah Internet Banking by
going to “Overview” tab and clicking “Manage accounts” and entering the bank account number.
For reference, please use the below bold and underlined characters from your
IBAN: PK36ALFH550500500XXXXXXX
How will Roshan Digital Account holders retrieve their temporary credentials if
expired?
Roshan Digital Account holders can regenerate their temporary Bank Alfalah Internet Banking
credentials by calling our dedicated helpline +92 21 111 225 226 and confirming their necessary
details on call to proceed with regeneration.
Is compulsory deduction of Zakat, under Zakat & Ushr Ordinance 1980, applicable
on RDA?

No, in terms of Section 3(1)(a)(b) of the Zakat and Ushr Ordinance, 1980, read with Rule 24-A
of the Zakat Collection & Refund Rules, 1981, compulsory deduction of Zakat is not applicable
on RDA (both FCVA and NRVA).
Are there any charges on remitting funds into the Roshan Digital account?
When remitting funds into the Roshan Digital Account, Bank Alfalah will not deduct any charges,
however the corresponding banks may do so as per their policy.
For all incoming RDA related payments, a discounted pricing of up to $9 per transaction will be
applicable if customers use “ALFHPKKARDA” and/or mention “ROSHAN DIGITAL” in field 70 or
field 72 of the Swift MT-103 message for incoming USD payments via Citibank or JP Morgan as
intermediary banks for Bank Alfalah. Incoming & outgoing payments for USD, Euro & GBP, a
discounted pricing of USD 5 / EUR5 / GBP 5 has been negotiated with Standard Chartered Bank
(SCB) where Beneficiary Institution is ALFHPKKARDA for Inward MT103 & where ordering
Institutions is ALFHPKKARDA for Outward MT1013.
Are Utility bill payments and other facilities available on this account?
Yes, utility bills and other payment facilities are also available through Internet Banking.
Can the funds be transferred to any other local account in Pakistan?
Yes, funds may be transferred to any account in Pakistan except to another Non-resident Rupee
repatriable accounts.
Can the funds be transferred/repatriated abroad?
Yes, funds may be repatriated abroad without any regulatory approval through Alfalah Internet
Banking. The bank will process the repatriation request within 2-3 working days. Please note
that funds can only be repatriated into the customer’s own bank account shared at the time of
account opening.
How can the funds be repatriated abroad through Bank Alfalah Internet Banking?
The customer can repatriate their funds abroad by going to the “IPS” section, and then clicking
on “Repatriation” section, followed by filling out the required customer details and selecting
“Repatriate” option.
What details does the customer need to remit funds to Pakistan through their
foreign bank?
The following details may be required by the remitting bank:
IBAN,
SWIFT Code

Routing Account Number
Please click here to view routing details:
Can the customer invest in securities through this account?
Yes, the customer can invest in Shariah compliant securities, such as the Islamic Naya Pakistan
Certificate (INPC). In addition, through PKR Islamic Roshan Digital Accounts, customers will also
get access to Shariah compliant securities through Central Depository Company (CDC).
Will withholding income taxes be applicable on the Roshan Digital Account?
Withholding income taxes (WHT) under Sections 236P (Advance tax on banking transactions
otherwise than through cash), 231A (Cash withdrawals) and 231AA (Advance tax on
transactions in bank) will not be applicable on the funds held in Roshan Digital Account (FCVA
and NRVA Accounts). No withholding income tax is applicable on profit payments on banks FCY
accounts of Non-Resident Individuals. Further, withholding tax will also not be applicable on
profit payment on banks PKR accounts of Non-Resident individuals where the deposit in the said
account are made exclusively from foreign exchange remitted into the said account. Taxes
applicable on securities issued to the accountholder will be as per their respective rules and
regulations. Other taxes will be applied as per prevailing laws.
How can I fill the CRS self-certification table on the portal?
In (i) “Country/Jurisdiction of Tax” column, enter your tax residency, which is generally
determined from proof of income and where the tax is being deducted. For the next field
“TIN/NTN or Functional Equivalent Number”, provide Tax identification number; and if not
available, select appropriate reason from A or C and share other equivalents numbers issued by
official authorities in the country e.g. (resident registration number, citizen/personal
identification/service code or social security/insurance number).
In case if reason B is applicable, then a meaningful explanation needs to be entered in the third
column for not obtaining TIN/Functional Equivalent Number in the relevant jurisdiction.
If I reside and work in United Kingdom but my salary is not under the tax bracket
defined in the UK, should I fill the form and what should I write in
Country/Jurisdiction of Tax residence?
Yes, CRS Self certification form is a regulatory requirement and it is mandatory to be filled by all
customers who want to maintain relationships with financial institutions including Bank Alfalah.
The country of Jurisdiction/Tax is generally determined from where you live and work so ideally
in this case it should be written as “United Kingdom” (please note: As a bank, we are not
allowed to give tax advice. You may refer to your professional tax advisor or to the OECD’s
automatic exchange portal jurisdictional tax residence information for defining
“Country/Jurisdiction of Tax residence”)

What is the alternate if I do not have a TIN?
In the absence of TIN, you may provide Functional Equivalent Number of the country where
you are residing and working i.e. an NTN, social security/insurance number, citizen/personal
identification/service code/number or resident registration number. For more information, you
may visit the link mentioned here in which separate country wise TIN / Functional Equivalent
Numbers details are available.
Link-https://
What is the turn-around-time for Roshan Digital Account opening?
Your Roshan Digital Account will be opened within 48 hours (2 working days). However, the
timeline for the same may be extended subject to scrutiny/documentation requirements against
the prevailing SBP regulations and Bank’s policy.
Central Depository Company (CDC) Investments
Will the customer be able to invest in Pakistani stocks through Roshan Digital
Account?
PKR RDA account holders will be able to invest in Shariah Compliant stocks by applying for an
account with the CDC through Bank Alfalah Internet Banking “Investment for Overseas” section.
How can the customer invest in stocks through their CDC account?
The customer will have their account opened with the CDC, which will be funded through their
Roshan Digital Account held with Bank Alfalah. These funds will be used to purchase Shariah
Compliant stocks via brokerage house of the customer’s choice.
For any further queries, be sure to email us at contactus@bankalfalah.com or contact us at our
24/7 dedicated helpline; +92 21 111 225 226
Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificate (INPC)
What is Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificate?
Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificates are scripless (non-physical) certificates issued by SBP for
investment through Roshan Digital accounts
Can only Roshan Digital Accountholders invest in Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificate
(NPC)?
Yes, only Roshan Digital accountholders (both NRPs and Residents with wealth declared abroad)
will be eligible to invest in Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificates.
If a customer already maintains an account with Bank Alfalah, can the existing
account be used for investing in INPCs?

No. For investments in NPCs, the customer must open a Roshan Digital Account.
How can a customer purchase INPCs?
Roshan Digital account holders at Bank Alfalah can purchase INPCs by initiating an online
request on Bank Alfalah Internet Banking and clicking on “IPS” section.
How can the purchase of Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificate (INPC) be funded?
Roshan Digital Account Customers can purchase these certificates through funds held in their
Roshan Digital Account.
What is the form, types and tenors of the NPC?
The Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificate is available in Shariah Compliant form with short- and
long-term tenors. Automatic rollover facility is not available.
Customers also have the option to invest in both PKR, USD, GBP and Euro denominated Islamic
Naya Pakistan Certificates. There is no limit on the maximum investment that can be made. The
tenors for both PKR and FCY NPCs are as follows:
3-Months
6-Months
12-Months
3-Years
5-Years
The minimum investment amount for the respective NPCs is as follows:
USD denominated: USD 5,000 and integral multiples of USD 1,000
PKR denominated: PKR 100,000 and integral multiples of PKR 10,000
GBP denominated: GBP 5,000 and integral multiples of GBP 1,000
Euro denominated: Euro 5,000 and integral multiples of Euro 1,000
The rate of return for NPCs will be communicated by the State Bank of Pakistan from time to
time, which can be viewed at the following link: https://
Who can invest in PKR and FCY NPCs?
PKR Roshan Digital Account holders can invest in PKR NPCs.

FCY Roshan Digital Account holders (including account holders of USD, CAD, Euro, GBP, AED,
AUD and SAR currencies) can invest in FCY NPCs.
Islamic Roshan Digital Account (IRDA)
Currency
Islamic Naya Pakistan Certificate (INPC)
Currency
Pakistani Rupee (PKR)
Pakistani Rupee (PKR) INPC
US Dollar (USD)
US Dollar (USD) INPC
Euro (EUR)
Euro (EUR) INPC
British Pound (GBP)
British Pound (GBP) INPC
Saudi Riyal (SAR)
US Dollar (USD) INPC
UAE Dirham (AED)
US Dollar (USD) INPC
Canadian Dollar (CAD)
US Dollar (USD) INPC
Australian Dollar (AUD)
US Dollar (USD) INPC
Is Premature Encashment allowed on NPC?
Yes, early/premature encashment is allowed but after one month of investment. For the same,
profit of broken period will be calculated at the profit rate of the nearest shorter tenor (e.g. 6
months' certificate encashed in 4th month, profit will be calculated at the profit rate of 3
months' certificate).
Are certificates transferrable?
No, these certificates are not transferrable except if required under the relevant laws.
Can these certificates be pledged?
Yes, these certificates can be pledged as security for raising financing in Pakistan, subject to
such conditions as may be prescribed by SBP or Bank Alfalah.
What would happen in case of death of an NPC holder?
In case of death of the customer, payment of principal amount and profit will be paid to the
legal heirs of the deceased in accordance with a valid succession certificate or equivalent
document issued in this regard.
How will the details of my INPC investments be communicated?

The customer can view the details of their securities any time on Bank Alfalah Internet
banking’s Investor’s Portfolio Securities (IPS) portal.
What is the profit payment frequency of INPC?
The 3-Month, 6-Month and 12-Month tenor certificates, being zero coupon bonds, shall pay
principal and profit on maturity or on premature encashment. However, 3-Year and 5-year
certificates, being semi-annual coupon securities, shall pay a periodic profit on half-yearly basis.
Is the INPC subject to tax on profit payment?
Yes, the profit of the Certificate will be subject to deduction of 10% (ten percent) Withholding
Tax on profit at source, i.e. profit payment will be made net of tax deduction.
63. Is the INPC subject to Zakat deduction?
The INPC will be exempt from compulsory deduction of Zakat.