Roshan Digital Account (for NRPs)
Product Features
Roshan Digital account is a State Bank of Pakistan driven initiative; in collaboration with
commercial banks operating in Pakistan to provide innovative banking solutions for
millions of Non Resident Pakistanis (NRPs) seeking to undertake banking, payment and
investment activities in Pakistan.
Features
Currencies available
(i)
Pakistani Rupees (PKR)
(ii) Foreign Currency (FCY), which includes:

US Dollar (USD)

Euro (EUR)

Great British Pound (GBP)

UAE Dirham (AED)

Saudi Riyal (SAR)

Canadian Dollar (CAD)
Joint accounts
Joint account can be opened
Second RDA account
opening
Allowed for customers, however account of the same type cannot be re
can open a USD Conv. Current account, or PKR conventional Savings ac
Customer can also open account cross-company i.e. Conventional to Is
Cheque book
88.
Yes, cheque book are being issued against Roshan Digital Accounts
Debit cards
63.
Gold Debit Card on PKR accounts only [Issuance and Annual Fee
visit bank’s website for latest SOC.]
64.
No debit cards on FCY accounts at the moment.
Minimum Balance
Requirement
13.
No minimum balance required
14.
The account will be opened at zero balance and customers w
Free Services
46.
Free SMS Alerts (counter transaction (FT) SMS will not be
primarily be using ADC channels.
47.
Free Gold Debit Card Issuance (on PKR accounts only). H

48.
Free 1st Cheque Book (25 leaves)
49.
Free E-Statements
50.
Free 24x7 Internet Banking/Alfa
Profit Calculation
2.Monthly average balance
Profit Payment
Monthly profit payment
Repatriation of funds
Repatriation of funds back to remitting account will be allowed through
WHT Tax
No WHT tax is applicable upto the limit of remittances credited into the
the account. Any amount that can be traced to other forms of credit su
remittances is 4 million and the rest is interest payments from investme
Naya Pakistan
Certificates
Available in PKR and FCY currencies
PKR Roshan Digital Account holders can invest in PKR NPCs.
FCY Roshan Digital Account holders can invest in USD, GBP & EUR NPC
Investment in Stocks
through CDC
Only PKR Roshan Digital account holders can invest
Account will be opened with CDC through which they can invest with b
Account Opening process for Roshan Digital Account (RDA) along with Investment in
Naya Pakistan Certificates (NPC) is now available on Alfa App!
In addition to opening and using RDA on Internet Banking, customers can avail the
enhanced convenience of opening RDA on their mobile devices and can avail the
following features.
Features:
Through Alfa, these account holders can avail a suite of facilities* including:
Check Balance
Account Statements
Fund Transfers
Bill Payments
Mobile Bill Payments
Browsing and Shopping on Alfa Mall
Booking Digital Term Deposits

Automatic Savings based on Personalized Goals
Chatting with friends on Alfa around the world
*Currently FCY account holders can only login, view balance, buy NPC and do
repatriation
Future Road Map:
Permissible transactions for RDA FCY variant (October End
CDC integration (October End)
This journey is available for Islamic and Conventional Account opening for all available
currency types.
Target Market
Roshan digital account- PKR (Current and Savings account)- Can be opened by Non-
residents only
Roshan digital account- FCY (USD) (Current and Savings account)- Can be opened by
Non-residents, and residents who have assets abroad declared with FBR (more details
in the FAQs)
Non-residents can apply for the product from the website () and clicking “open an
account”, while residents can apply for it at the branch, whereas, residents cannot
apply through the portal.
Eligibility Criteria
Product will be offered to individuals above the age of 18, who are:
Non-Resident Pakistanis
Foreign Nationals having Pakistan Origin Card (POC)
Employees or officials of the Federal Government or a Provincial Government posted
abroad
Documentation Required

Required Documents for Non-Resident applicants:
To process your application, the following supporting documents will be required:
Scanned Copy of Your CNIC/NICOP/POC
Scanned copy of Your Passport (first 2 pages, Pakistani and/or foreign/other country,
latest exit stamp on Pakistani Passport)
Photograph (Passport size)
Live photo (to be taken on the website)
Signature (scanned on white page)
Scanned copies of Overseas Pakistani Foundation (OPF) Card (if applicable)
Proof of NRP Status (scanned copy of POC, visa, entry/ exit stamps etc.)
Proof of profession and Source of Income/Funds
The customer will also be communicated in case any further documentation is required
for their case.
Required Documents for Resident applicants:
The same will be subject to requirements as per existing process of opening accounts
as the branches, including wealth statement where foreign assets have been declared.
Please let me know in case of any queries.
Transactional Information
Funds transfers:
Funds transfer allowed
PKR RDA to other PKR RDAs in the same bank
PKR RDA to FCY RDA of the same customer (and vice versa)
Transfer to all accounts in Pakistan except NRP repatriable account (e.g. Alfalah NRP account)
Credit Transactions allowed:

Account can be fed by Foreign Inward Remittances only originating from the account
holder himself/herself through Home remittances or SWIFT, in any currency.
Reversal of any incorrect debit in the account will be allowed.
For PKR accounts only: credits in the form of proceeds from
disinvestment/sale/maturity of Government of Pakistan’s debt securities, residential and
commercial real estate, quoted shares, term deposits, and profit/rent/dividend/ /interest
on such securities/properties/shares/ deposits received on investments made from the
account are allowed.
For FCY accounts only: credits in the form of profit/interest on the permissible
investments made from the account and also disinvestment proceed from the
permissible investments made from the account are allowed.
Debit Transactions allowed:
Funds Transfer Facility Pakistan on both PKR and FCY (charges as per SoC)
Utility Bill Payment in Pakistan on both PKR and FCY (charges as per SoC)
Remittances & payments outside Pakistan
Repatriation of funds
Permissible taxes (on profit payments and non-remittance credits)
FAQs
What is the Roshan Digital Account (RDA)?
The Roshan Digital Account is a State Bank of Pakistan driven initiative, in collaboration
with commercial banks operating in Pakistan, to provide innovative banking solutions
for millions of Non-Resident Pakistanis (NRPs) seeking to undertake banking, payment,
and investment activities in Pakistan.
How can individuals apply for the Roshan Digital Account?
Non-resident Pakistanis may apply for their Roshan Digital Account with Bank Alfalah
at whereas resident individual Pakistanis can open their accounts by visiting their
closest Bank Alfalah branch.

What is the account type and which currencies are available in the Roshan
Digital Account?
Bank Alfalah offers the Roshan Digital Account in both current and saving variants,
which can be opened in the following categories:
(i)
Pakistani Rupees (PKR)
(ii) Foreign Currency (FCY), which includes:
US Dollar (USD)
Euro (EUR)
Great British Pound (GBP)
UAE Dirham (AED)
Saudi Riyal (SAR)
Canadian Dollar (CAD)
What is the eligibility criteria for the Roshan Digital Account with Bank
Alfalah?
The following individuals above the age of 18 are eligible for the Roshan Digital Account:
Individual Non-Resident Pakistani Nationals (NRPs) having CNIC/SNIC/NICOP.
A Non-Resident having Pakistan Origin Card (POC).
Employees and officials of the Federal Government or Provincial Government posted
abroad.
What is the definition of a Non-Resident Person?
An individual shall be a non-resident individual for a tax year* if the individual —
is outside of Pakistan for a period of, or periods amounting in aggregate to, 183 days or
more in the tax year (July to June); or
is outside of Pakistan for a period of, or periods amounting in aggregate to, 120 days or
more in the tax year and, in the four years preceding the tax year, has been outside of
Pakistan for a period of, or periods amounting in aggregate to, 365 days or more.

*In the light of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001.
Any person not satisfying these criteria will be considered as a resident individual.
Can Resident Pakistanis open Roshan Digital Accounts?
Resident individual Pakistanis can only open Foreign Currency Roshan Digital Accounts
at Bank Alfalah by visiting their nearest branch provided they have declared their assets
held abroad, as per wealth statement declared in the latest tax return with the Federal
Board of Revenue (FBR)
What documents are required for opening a Roshan Digital Account?
The following documents will be required to open Roshan Digital Account:
Scanned Copy of Your NICOP/POC OR Scanned Copy of Your CNIC/SNIC and Passport
(first 2 pages along with entry/exit stamp pages to establish identity with NRP status)
Live photo
Signature (scanned on white page)
Scanned copies of Overseas Pakistani Foundation (OPF) Card (if applicable)
Proof of profession and Source of Income/Funds
FATCA form
W8ben form (if applicable)
W9 form (if applicable)
What documents will be required as proof of business and income by NRP
businessmen?
The documents required as proof of business will be as below:
Business Registration Document, OR
Business/ Proprietor Letter Head, OR
Iqama/ Work Permit showing Business/ Nature of Work etc., OR
Any other Document evidencing the Profession

The following documents may be submitted as proof of income:
Receipt of Payment against the Work, OR
Account Statement, OR
Particulars of Income/ Funds Providers (e.g. Family Members/ Guardian/ Stipends/
Social Benefits etc.), OR
Tax Statement/ Return/ Certificate, OR
Any other Document evidencing Source of Income.
A single document showing “Proof of Profession and Source of Income/ Funds” may
also suffice both the requirements.
What documents will be required as proof of work and income by NRP self-
employed/non-salaried persons?
The documents required as proof of work will be as below:
Any Proof of Self Employment (e.g. Lawyer/ Doctor/ Consultant/ Freelancers/ Grocery
Store/ Medical Store/ Labor Work etc.), OR
Partnership/ Business Deed, OR
Housewives -Declaration, OR
Student ID Card/ Letter from Educational Institute, OR
Iqama/ Work Permit showing Business/ Nature of Work etc., OR
Any other Document evidencing the Profession
The following documents may be submitted as proof of income:
Receipt of Payment against the Work, OR
Account Statement, OR
Particulars of Income/ Funds Providers (e.g. Family Members/ Guardian/ Stipends/
Social Benefits etc.), OR
Tax Statement/ Return/ Certificate, OR

Any other Document evidencing Source of Income
A single document showing “Proof of Profession and Source of Income/ Funds” may
also suffice both the requirements.
What documents will be required as proof of work and income by NRP
employed/ salaried persons?
The documents required as proof of profession will be as below:
Valid Job/ Employee Card
Employer/ Job Certificate, OR
Employment Contract, OR
Employer Letter, OR
Iqama/ Work Permit showing Profession/ Employment Details, OR
For Retired Persons, a copy of Retirement Letter/ Proof of Retirement, OR
Any other Document evidencing the Profession
The following documents may be submitted as proof of income:
Latest Salary Slip, OR
Salary Certificate, OR
Payment Slips/ Record, OR
Account Statement, OR
Tax Statement/ Return/ Certificate, OR
For Retired Persons, an evidence of Terminal Benefits/ Pension Book etc., OR
Any other Document evidencing Source of Income
A single document showing “Proof of Profession and Source of Income/ Funds” may
also suffice both the requirements.
In case the customer has other income sources, what documents will be
required as proof of their profession and income?

The following documents will be required:
Inheritance, OR
Agriculture income, OR
Investment in securities, bonds, shares, etc., OR • Investment in property, OR
Interest income.
Salaried/ Non-Salaried/ Self-employed/ unemployed deriving their income funds from
these sources may submit these as well.
Will a conventional Roshan Digital account holder be allowed to open an
Islamic Roshan Digital Account?
Yes, a Conventional Roshan Digital Account holder can open an Islamic Roshan digital
Account, and vice versa.
Will an existing Roshan Digital Account holder be allowed to open a second
Roshan Digital Account?
Existing Roshan Digital Account holders can open another RDA. However, customers
cannot open two accounts in the same product, currency, and segment, i.e. either
Conventional Banking Window (“CBW”) or Islamic Banking Window (“IBW”). For
example: A customer cannot open two PKR current accounts in IBW but can open one
PKR Current account in IBW and one PKR current account in CBW of BAFL.
How can the Roshan Digital Account be funded?
Funds in Roshan Digital Accounts can only be fed through remittances sent from abroad
through banking channels. These accounts cannot be credited with funds generated
from local sources.
Pakistan Rupee (PKR) Roshan Digital account allows the following credits in addition to
credit via remittance:
Credits from other PKR Roshan Digital Accounts (Islamic and Conventional) within Bank
Alfalah
Credits from the customer’s own FCY Roshan Digital Accounts (Islamic and
Conventional) within Bank Alfalah
Proceeds from disinvestment/sale/maturity of Government of Pakistan’s debt securities,
residential and commercial real estate, quoted shares, term deposits, and

profit/rent/dividend/interest on such securities/properties/shares/ deposits received on
account of investments made from the account.
Foreign Currency (FCY) Roshan Digital account allows the following credits in addition
to credit via remittance:
profit/interest on the permissible investments made from the account; along with dis-
investment proceeds from the permissible investments made from the account.
What charges shall Bank Alfalah deduct in case of any incoming remittances
in Roshan Digital Accounts?
Bank Alfalah does not charge its RDA Customers for any incoming remittances.
Correspondent Bank charges shall, however, apply.
For all incoming RDA related payments, a discounted pricing of up to $9 per transaction
will be applicable if customers use “ALFHPKKARDA” and/or mention “ROSHAN DIGITAL”
in field 70 or field 72 of the Swift MT-103 message for incoming USD payments via
Citibank or JP Morgan as intermediary banks for Bank Alfalah. Incoming & outgoing
payments for USD & Euro, a discounted pricing of USD 5 / EUR5 has been negotiated
with Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) where Beneficiary Institution is ALFHPKKARDA for
Inward MT103 & where ordering Institutions is ALFHPKKARDA for Outward MT1013.
Can FCY Roshan Digital Accounts be funded from other FCY Roshan Digital
Accounts?
No, FCY Roshan Digital Accounts cannot be credited from other FCY Roshan Digital
accounts.
Can cheque books be issued against the Roshan Digital account?
Yes, cheque book are being issued against Roshan Digital Accounts of all currencies
through the account opening portal.
How can customers request cheque books against their Roshan Digital
account?
RDA applicants can apply for the cheque book during account opening or through
Internet Banking.
Can a debit card be issued against the Roshan Digital account?

Currently only PKR Roshan Digital account holders can avail debit card facility.
Which debit card type/variant can be availed against the PKR Roshan Digital
account?
Alfalah Visa Gold and Signature Debit Cards can be availed against PKR Roshan Digital
account.
Where will the debit card be delivered?
Debit card shall be delivered at customer’s provided correspondence address.
What will be the issuance/annual fee of a debit card?
Issuance and Annual Fee for Debit Cards may apply as per existing Schedule of Charges
(SOC) for RDA Customers. Please visit bank’s website for latest SOC.
How can Roshan Digital Account holders activate their debit cards?
Roshan Digital Account holders can activate their debit cards through Internet Banking,
as well through the Contact Center at +92 111 225 226.
Can the debit card be used for cash withdrawal through ATMs internationally?
Currently this facility is not available on international ATMs. However, this card can be
used on ATMs within Pakistan.
Can the debit card be used on international Point of Sale (POS) terminals?
Yes, this debit card is accepted at over 30 million POS terminals in more than 150+
countries around the globe.
Are there any transactional limits on Debit Cards?
Transactional limits may apply depending on the card type as per bank’s existing
policy.
How long will it take to deliver the debit card?

Delivery of debit cards shall take 15 days on average. However, this may vary subject
to the destination country.
Is Bank Alfalah Internet Banking available with Roshan Digital Account?
Yes, the customer will get Internet Banking access with both PKR and FCY account
variants.
How will the customers apply for Bank Alfalah Internet Banking?
Temporary internet banking ID will be automatically sent to new customers at the time
of temporary account number generation, followed by temporary internet banking ID
and password at the time of account activation. The customer will then log-in to Bank
Alfalah Internet Banking with the credentials provided at the time of activation and set
their permanent User ID and Password. The temporary credentials will only be valid for
240 hours post account activation.
Existing customers will be required to add their Roshan Digital Accounts on Bank Alfalah
Internet Banking to proceed.
How will Roshan Digital Account holders retrieve their temporary credentials
if expired?
Roshan Digital Account holders can regenerate their temporary Bank Alfalah Internet
Banking credentials by calling our dedicated helpline +92 21 111-225-226 and
confirming their necessary details on call to proceed with regeneration.
How can existing customers link their Roshan Digital Accounts on Bank
Alfalah Internet Banking?
Existing customers can link their Roshan digital accounts on Bank Alfalah Internet
Banking by going to “Overview” tab and clicking “Manage accounts” and entering the
bank account number. For reference, please use the below bold and underlined
characters from your IBAN:
PK36ALFH000500100XXXXXXX
Is Zakat deductible on Roshan Digital Savings accounts?
No, Zakat shall not be deductible on these accounts.
Are there any charges on remitting funds into the Roshan Digital account?

When remitting funds into the Roshan Digital Account, Bank Alfalah will not deduct any
charges. However, the corresponding banks may do so as per their policy.
Are Utility bill payments and other facilities available on this account?
Yes, utility bills and other payment facilities are also available through Internet Banking.
Can the funds be transferred to any other local account in Pakistan?
Yes, funds may be transferred to any account in Pakistan except to another Non-
resident Rupee repatriable accounts.
Can the funds be transferred/repatriated abroad?
Yes, funds may be repatriated abroad without any regulatory approval through Alfalah
Internet Banking. The bank will process the repatriation request within 2 working days.
Please note that funds can only be repatriated into the customer’s own bank account
shared at the time of account opening.
How can the funds be repatriated abroad through Bank Alfalah Internet
Banking?
The customer can repatriate their funds abroad by going to the “IPS” section, and then
clicking on “Repatriation” section, followed by filling out the required customer details
and selecting “Repatriate” option.
What details does the customer need to remit funds to Pakistan through
their foreign bank?
The following details may be required by the remitting bank:
IBAN,
SWIFT Code
Routing Account Number
Please click here to view routing details:
Can the customer invest in securities through this account?

Yes, the customer can invest in securities, such as the Naya Pakistan Certificates (NPCs),
PIBs, T-Bills, and Sukuks as well as the stock market through Central Depository
Company (CDC).
Will withholding income taxes be applicable on the Roshan Digital Account?
Withholding income taxes (WHT) under Sections 236P (Advance tax on banking
transactions otherwise than through cash), 231A (Cash withdrawals) and 231AA
(Advance tax on transactions in bank) will not be applicable on the funds held in FCVA
and NRVA Accounts. No withholding income tax is applicable on profit payments on
banks FCY accounts of Non-Resident Individuals. Further, withholding tax will also not
applicable on profit payment on banks PKR accounts of Non-Resident individuals where
the deposit in the said account are made exclusively from foreign exchange remitted
into the said account. Taxes applicable on securities issued to the accountholder will be
as per their respective rules and regulations. Other taxes will be applied as per
prevailing laws.
How can I fill the CRS self-certification table on the portal?
In (i) “Country/Jurisdiction of Tax” column, enter your tax residency, which is
generally determined from proof of income and where the tax is being deducted. For
the next field “TIN/NTN or Functional Equivalent Number”, provide Tax
identification number; and if not available, select appropriate reason from A or C and
share other equivalents numbers issued by official authorities in the country e.g.
(resident registration number, citizen/personal identification/service code or social
security/insurance number)
In case if reason B is applicable, then a meaningful explanation needs to be entered in
the third column for not obtaining TIN/Functional Equivalent Number in the relevant
jurisdiction.
If I reside and work in United Kingdom but my salary is not under the tax
bracket defined in the UK, should I fill the table and what should I input in
Country/Jurisdiction of Tax residence?
Yes, CRS Self certification form is a regulatory requirement and it is mandatory to be
filled by all customers who want to maintain relationships with financial institutions
including Bank Alfalah. The country of Jurisdiction/Tax is generally determined from
where you live and work so ideally in this case it should be filled as “United Kingdom”
(please note: As a bank, we are not allowed to give tax advice. You may refer to your
professional tax advisor or to the OECD’s automatic exchange portal jurisdictional tax
residence information for defining “Country / Jurisdiction of Tax residence”)
What is the alternate if I do not have a TIN?

In the absence of TIN, you may provide Functional Equivalent Number of the country
where you are residing and working i.e. an NTN, social security/insurance number,
citizen/personal identification/service code/number or resident registration number. For
more information, you may visit the link mentioned here in which separate country wise
TIN / Functional Equivalent Numbers details are available.
Link
What is the turn-around-time for Roshan Digital Account opening?
Your Roshan Digital Account will be opened within 48 hours (2 working days). However,
the timeline for the same may be extended subject to scrutiny/documentation
requirements against the prevailing SBP regulations and Bank’s policy.
Summary of Roshan Digital Account features:
Multicurrency Offering: PKR, USD, GBP, EUR AED, SAR and CAD
No minimum balance requirement
Account can be fed by Foreign Inward Remittances only originating from the account
holder himself/herself through Home remittances or SWIFT, in any currency. Moreover,
RDA Customers shall be eligible for discounted charges when sending remittances to
their RDA Accounts.
Multiple investment opportunities: Naya Pakistan Certificate, access to stock market, etc.
Easy repatriation of funds
Free Debit Card (for PKR accounts only)
First free Cheque Book
Free SMS Alerts
Funds Transfer Facility
Utility Bill Payment
24/7 Internet Banking
Free E-Statements
Naya Pakistan Certificate (NPC)

What is Naya Pakistan Certificate?
Naya Pakistan Certificates are scripless (non-physical) bonds issued by SBP for
investment through Roshan Digital accounts.
Can only Roshan Digital Accountholders invest in Naya Pakistan Certificate
(NPC)?
Yes, only Roshan Digital accountholders (both NRPs and Residents with wealth declared
abroad) will be eligible to invest in Naya Pakistan Certificates.
If a customer already maintains an account with Bank Alfalah, can the
existing account be used for investing in NPCs?
No. For investments in NPCs, the customer must open a Roshan Digital Account.
How can a customer purchase NPCs?
Roshan Digital account holders at Bank Alfalah can purchase NPCs by initiating an
online request on Bank Alfalah Internet Banking and clicking on “IPS” section.
How can the purchase of Naya Pakistan Certificate (NPC) be funded?
Roshan Digital Account Customers can purchase these certificates through funds held in
their Roshan Digital Account.
What is the form, types and tenors of the NPC?
The Naya Pakistan Certificate is available in Conventional form with short- and long-
term tenors. Automatic rollover facility is not available.
Customers also have the option to invest inNaya Pakistan Certificates denominated in
multiple currencies (PKR, USD, EUR & GBP). There is no limit on the maximum
investment that can be made. The tenors for all NPCs are as follows:
3-Months
6-Months
12-Months
3-Years

5-Years
The minimum investment amount for the respective NPCs is as follows:
USD/GBP/EUR denominated: USD/GBP/EUR 5,000 and integral multiples of
USD/GBP/EUR 1,000
PKR denominated: PKR 100,000 and integral multiples of PKR 10,000
The rate of return for NPCs will be communicated by the State Bank of Pakistan from
time to time, which can be viewed at the following link:
In which currencies of the Naya Pakistan Certificate (NPC) can PKR or FCY
Roshan Digital Accountholders invest?
NPCs can be availed in a wide variety of currencies according to the account currency.
The below table illustrates eligible NPC currency types for each RDA:
Roshan Digital Account (RDA)
Currency
Naya Pakistan Certificate (NPC)
Currency
Pakistani Rupee (PKR)
Pakistani Rupee (PKR) NPC
US Dollar (USD)
US Dollar (USD) NPC
Euro (EUR)
Euro (EUR) NPC
British Pound (GBP)
British Pound (GBP) NPC
Saudi Riyal (SAR)
USD, EUR and GBP NPCs
UAE Dirham (AED)
USD, EUR and GBP NPCs
Canadian Dollar (CAD)
USD, EUR and GBP NPCs
Is Premature Encashment allowed on NPC?
Yes, early/premature encashment is allowed. For the same, profit of broken period will
be calculated at the profit rate of the nearest shorter tenor (e.g. 6 months' certificate
encashed in 4th month, profit will be calculated at the profit rate of 3 months'
certificate). No profit on encashment before initial three months.
Are certificates transferrable?
No, these certificates are not transferrable except if required under the relevant laws.
Can these certificates be pledged?

Yes, these certificates can be pledged as security for raising financing in Pakistan,
subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by SBP or Bank Alfalah.
What would happen in case of death of an NPC holder?
In case of death of the customer, payment of principal amount and profit will be paid to
the legal heirs of the deceased in accordance with a valid succession certificate or
equivalent document issued in this regard.
How will the details of my NPC investments be communicated?
The customer can view the details of their securities any time on Bank Alfalah Internet
banking’s Investor’s Portfolio Securities (IPS) portal.
What is the profit payment frequency of NPC?
The 3-Month tenor certificate shall pay profit and principal on maturity, while 6-Month
and 12-Month tenor certificates shall pay principal and profit on maturity or on
premature encashment. However, 3-Year and 5-year certificates, being semi-annual
coupon securities, shall pay a periodic profit on half-yearly basis.
Is the NPC subject to tax on profit payment?
Yes, the profit of the Certificate will be subject to deduction of withholding tax.
However, reduce rate of 10% (ten percent) withholding Tax on profit at source will be
applicable on Non-Residents, i.e. profit payment will be made net of tax deduction.
Is the NPC subject to Zakat deduction?
The NPC will be exempt from compulsory deduction of Zakat.
Central Depository Company (CDC) Investments
Will the customer be able to invest in Pakistani stocks through Roshan
Digital Account?
PKR RDA account holders will be able to invest in stocks by applying for an account with
the CDC through Bank Alfalah Internet Banking “CDC” section.
How can the customer invest in stocks through their CDC account?
The customer will have their account opened with the CDC, which will be funded
through their Roshan Digital Account held with Bank Alfalah. These funds will be used

to purchase stocks via brokerage house of the customer’s choice. Further details
regarding investment through CDCs can be found at the mentioned link:
For any further queries, be sure to email us at contactus@bankalfalah.com or contact
us at our 24/7 dedicated helpline; +92 21 111 225 226