SBP Schemes for Covid-19 SBP Financial Relief For Consumers
Regulatory relief SBP offering to consumers on financing facilities
SBP is offering the below 2 relief options

The Banks/DFIs, upon the request of the borrower received by 30th June2020, will offer deferral of principal c

Customers who are unable to service the mark-up amount or need deferment exceeding one year, may be re
For which Consumer Products financial relief guidelines are applicable as per SBP’s ci

Guidelines are applicable for all Consumer Products (Autos, Personal Loan, Cards & Home Finance)
Through which channel customer can approach BAFL to seek information/request for relief?
Customer can use any medium to approach BAFL i.e. Branch, Consumer Finance Centre , Call Centre, Website or e
SBP relief applicable to all loan customers and credit card holders?
96.
No, this facility is not available for all customers. It is available for only those customers whose income stream is
To what extent, the period can be extended in deferment of principal portion of installment und
70.
Bank can offer deferral of principal comportment of installments for one year, unless the customer requests fo
What is meant by loan rescheduling or restructuring under Option II (Customers who are unabl
rescheduled / restructured upon their request.)
9.
If customer is unable to service the markup amount or need deferment for more than one year, his/her fin
shall be scheduled in a term loan to provide relief to the customers.
What are SBP prescribed timelines for obtaining relief for deferment or rescheduling of consum
58.
For Deferment (Option I), only those customers will be entertained whose written request shall be re
59.
For Rescheduling (Option II), only those customers will be entertained whose written request shall b
Is there any fee or charges applicable for processing of financial relief request?
5. No, bank will not charge any fee
Will Bank consider customer’s existing late payment charges under financial relief?
No, customer will be liable to pay all applicable late payment charges as per Bank Schedule of Charges.
What is the timeline provided by SBP for Deferment
30th June 2020

What is the timeline provided by SBP for Rescheduling
31st March 2021
The relief facility is only applicable for:
No, All customers can request for the facility regardless of the city they are from
The SBP financial relief facility is available for the following customer segments
Salaried, Self Employed & Others
Handling Customer Queries/Requests Related to Financial Relief
How will the Bank employee establish customer identity when dealing with queries/ requests re
Verify the customer genuineness/credential via CNIC #, loan or card details etc. as per available SOP. Bank shall de
If original customer is not available, request the contacting person to advise bank original customer to visit nearest ba
What factors are important to identify when dealing with a relief request:
The customer should clearly state the reason to avail the said financial relief.
Bank employee should establish the fact that customer source of income is impacted due to prevailing lockdown/eco
What minimum eligibility criteria should the customer meet to avail the financial relief facility?
Customer is original and currently availing consumer finance facility.
The loan/facility should not be in NPLs category as of 31 Dec 2019.
Not a habitual late payer.
What is the process to submit the relief request?
The customer should submit written request (on the relief request form) to Bank Alfalah Branch, Consumer Finance C
Will the relief request be approved if the customer meets the minimum eligibility criteria to app
Bank will access the application with documentary evidence and may accept or reject the request
When will the customer be informed about the Bank’s final decision after receiving the request
Bank will convey the final decision to customer within 15 working days after the receipt of the customer request.
How branches will handle the customer request submitted by customer at branches?
Branches shall email all such requests at dedicated email ID: cf.covid19@bankalfalah.com and dispatch the original