SBP Refinance Schemes Women Entrepreneurs
Product Features
A Term Finance Facility is launched for women entrepreneurs across the country to
boost economic activities.
Product Features/Benefits:

Financing is initially available to meet the working capital requirements of existing
business and to set up a new business.

Maximum financing tenor under the scheme is five years.

Financing under the scheme is for women borrowers preferably under the personal
guarantee of the borrower.

Repayment of loans by borrowers shall be made in equal quarterly installments after
grace period (if any).

End user rate is up to 5% p.a. with SBP’s refinance rate of 0% p.a.
Product Type
Term loan facility
Target Market
Women entrepreneurs pan Pakistan
Eligibility Criteria

Clean e-CIB report

Income proof / salary slips / bank statement (for individuals)

Proof for being in the business for at least three years (not applicable for Agri
customers)

Utility bills of last 1 year (not applicable for Agri customers)

Non-objection certificate from all owners in case of joint property

Installment amount not to exceed 20-30% over and above 3-month peak bill average
(not applicable for Agri customers)

Load applicability assigned by respective DISCO & Vendor survey report
Documentation Required
Individuals
Attested copy of the
CNIC(s)
One recent passport size
photograph of the sponsors
Copy of any latest paid
utility bill received at the residential address

Copy of Rent deed/lease
deed, where property is rented
Undertaking that the
customer is not :
the director, major shareholder holding 5% or more of the share capital of
the Bank,
its Chief Executive or
an employee or
any family member of above interested persons.
Copy of net worth statement
(if available)
Additional Documents for
Proprietorship / Partnership / Company (Public / Private)
Copy of any latest paid
utility bill received at business address
Copy of Rent deed/lease
deed, where property is rented
Company Profile (History /
Future Plan)
Project Information /
Product List
Financial statements of
last year at least and preferably for the last three years
Online Tax Verisys
Partnership deed, Copy of
certificate of registration of partnership (only required for partnership
co
Memorandum and Articles of
Association & Certificate of Incorporation (only required for limited
com
Latest form 29 certified by
SECP (only required for limited companies)
Latest form A ( (only
required for limited companiesm if applicable)
Board resolution
authorizing borrowing (only required for limited companies)
ISO Certification/(s)
Documents Required for
Approval (part of e-CLP)
Loan Application Form
e-CIB Report (individuals,
proprietors, partners, directors) / CIB Report (company)
Visit report
Business & Financial
Appraisal report by approved company
Age of business not less
than 3 years (NTN confirming)
Overall debt-burden not
exceeding 50% of the projected cash flows for the first year
Income Estimation / Salary
Slip (for individuals)
Audited Financial
Statements (last 3 years) (for businesses)
If unaudited, then
financial statements of last year at least and preferably for the last three
years (f
Projected accounts for the
next years for the financing tenor (for businesses)
Other bank's statements of
the business account(s), if available (not applicable for existing
custome
Latest facility letters and
loan utilization figure from all banks (not applicable for existing
customers
Age of sponsor
(individual/sole proprietor) not beyond 65 years at the maturity of loan
Business not in negative
list
Post Approval Documents
Finance Agreement
Letter of Authority to
recover installments
Personal Guarantee(s) of borrower(s)/sponsors/directors
Initial Offer Letter

Repayment schedule duly
accepted by the borrower
Post-dated cheques for the
period of repayment
Insurance policies &
original premium paid receipts
Letter of Hypothecation
EPA Approval & NEQ Compliance
(to be arranged from ESMS desk)
Demand Promissory Note WE-4
(on stamp paper)*
Undertaking WE-5
(stating that the funds shall be used for said purpose and any failure to
make payments would resu
Collateral Related Documents: (if applicable)
Copy of title documents of
property / Passbook
Latest PT-I of the property
to be mortgaged
For constructed property,
NEC / NOC / permission to mortgage
Pre-mortgage legal opinion
from the bank's approved lawyer
Evaluation of property by
PBA approved evaluator
Agreement to Create
Mortgage
An undertaking from the
customer that completion certificate from concerned authority under would
Completion Certificate,
where applicable (however, upfront confirmation required from branch
rega
Original Title
Deeds/Original Letter of Allotment/Transfer/Conveyance deed
Approved site plan, if
available
Approved building plan, if
available (however, upfront confirmation required from branch regarding
Letters from mortgagor
addressed to the Land/Revenue Department regarding the noting of mortgag
Non-encumbrance certificate
/ Search Certificates / Permission to mortgage (whichever is applicable)
Evidence of marking of lien
with the concerned authority/society/land office
Charge registration form 10
(charge with SECP shall be registered within stipulated timeframe)
Mortgage deed (in case of registered
mortgage)
Post-mortgage legal opinion
* these forms are required
to claim refinance from SBP
Registration Process
Customer may visit his nearest Bank Alfalah branch on contact on helpline number 111-225-111
FAQs
Is there any maximum financing limit?
Maximum financing limit is 1.5 million
What are the mark-up rates?
The loan shall be offered on commercial rate and after approval of refinance from State
Bank of Pakistan subsidized mark-up rate of 5% shall be applicable.
What is the loan tenure?
Up to 5 years limit with maximum grace period of 6 month.

What is the frequency of installment payment?
Repayment of loans by borrowers shall be made in equal quarterly installments after
grace period (if any).
What is the financing criteria?
Financing under the scheme is for setting up of new business enterprises or for
expansion of existing ones. In case of new Business:

Feasibility based lending ›Equity Participation: 50%

Bank Participation: 50% Participation to increase on quarterly business with respect to
equity match. Quarterly Review will be conducted by respective RM/BM. In case of
existing Business:

Based on existing business financial strength. Business financial strength to be
evaluated by respective RM/BM.
What type of security is required?
Financing under the scheme will be provided to women borrowers preferably under the
personal guarantee of the borrower.