SBP's Schemes for COVID-19 RF for Wages & Salaries
Product Features
This Scheme is expected to ease cash flow constraints of the employers for timely
payment of the wages and salaries to their workers and employees and thereby avoid
layoffs.
Product Features/Benefits:

Refinancing will be available to finance wages and salaries of permanent, contractual,
daily wagers as well as outsourced employees of existing as well as new borrowers of
banks and DFIs.

The end user markup rate under the Scheme shall be up to 5%

Government Entities, Public Sector Enterprises (PSEs), Autonomous Bodies (ABs) and
Financial Institutions (including banks, DFIs, Non-banking finance companies (NBFCs),
insurance and takaful companies, securities depository companies and trustees,
securities brokers, clearing houses and stock and commodity exchanges, etc.) are not
eligible to borrow under this Scheme.

The borrowers availing this facility will undertake not to lay off their workers/employees
at least during three months from the date of first disbursement except in case of any
disciplinary action.
Target Market
All permanent, contractual, daily wagers and outsourced employees of SMEs, Commercial and
Corporate enterprises.
Eligibility Criteria
The borrowers availing this facility will undertake not to lay off their workers/employees at least
during three months from the date of first disbursement except in case of any disciplinary
action.
Documentation Required
Individuals
Attested copy of the
CNIC(s)
One recent passport size
photograph of the sponsors
Copy of any latest paid
utility bill received at the residential address
Copy of Rent deed/lease
deed, where property is rented

Undertaking that the
customer is not :
the director, major shareholder holding 5% or more of the share capital of
the Bank,
its Chief Executive or
an employee or
any family member of above interested persons.
Copy of net worth statement
(if available)
Additional Documents for
Proprietorship / Partnership / Company (Public / Private)
Copy of any latest paid
utility bill received at business address
Copy of Rent deed/lease
deed, where property is rented
Company Profile (History /
Future Plan)
Project Information /
Product List
Financial statements of
last year at least and preferably for the last three years
Online Tax Verisys
Partnership deed, Copy of
certificate of registration of partnership (only required for partnership
co
Memorandum and Articles of
Association & Certificate of Incorporation (only required for limited
com
Latest form 29 certified by
SECP (only required for limited companies)
Latest form A ( (only
required for limited companiesm if applicable)
Board resolution
authorizing borrowing (only required for limited companies)
ISO Certification/(s)
Documents Required for Approval (part of e-CLP)
Loan Application Form
e-CIB Report (individuals,
proprietors, partners, directors) / CIB Report (company)
Visit report
Business & Financial
Appraisal report by approved company
Age of business not less
than 3 years (NTN confirming)
Overall debt-burden not
exceeding 50% of the projected cash flows for the first year
Income Estimation / Salary
Slip (for individuals)
Audited Financial
Statements (last 3 years) (for businesses)
If unaudited, then
financial statements of last year at least and preferably for the last three
years (f
Projected accounts for the
next years for the financing tenor (for businesses)
Other bank's statements of
the business account(s), if available (not applicable for existing
custome
Latest facility letters and
loan utilization figure from all banks (not applicable for existing
customers
Age of sponsor (individual/sole
proprietor) not beyond 65 years at the maturity of loan
Business not in negative
list
Post Approval Documents
Finance Agreement
Letter of Authority to
recover installments
Personal Guarantee(s) of
borrower(s)/sponsors/directors
Initial Offer Letter
Repayment schedule duly
accepted by the borrower

Post-dated cheques for the
period of repayment
Insurance policies &
original premium paid receipts
Letter of Hypothecation
EPA Approval & NEQ
Compliance (to be arranged from ESMS desk)
Demand Promissory Note (on
stamp paper)*
Undertaking
(stating that the funds shall be used for said purpose and any failure to
make payments would resu
Collateral Related Documents: (if applicable)
Copy of title documents of
property / Passbook
Latest PT-I of the property
to be mortgaged
For constructed property,
NEC / NOC / permission to mortgage
Pre-mortgage legal opinion
from the bank's approved lawyer
Evaluation of property by
PBA approved evaluator
Agreement to Create
Mortgage
An undertaking from the
customer that completion certificate from concerned authority under would
Completion Certificate,
where applicable (however, upfront confirmation required from branch
rega
Original Title
Deeds/Original Letter of Allotment/Transfer/Conveyance deed
Approved site plan, if
available
Approved building plan, if
available (however, upfront confirmation required from branch regarding
Letters from mortgagor
addressed to the Land/Revenue Department regarding the noting of mortgag
Non-encumbrance certificate
/ Search Certificates / Permission to mortgage (whichever is applicable)
Evidence of marking of lien
with the concerned authority/society/land office
Charge registration form 10
(charge with SECP shall be registered within stipulated timeframe)
Mortgage deed (in case of
registered mortgage)
Post-mortgage legal opinion
* these forms are required
to claim refinance from SBP
Registration Process
Visit nearest Bank Alfalah branch or call on our helpline
FAQs
What will be the mark-up charged under this scheme?
End user rate for borrowers under this scheme will be 5%.
Can a household avail facility under this Scheme for payment of wages and
salaries to their domestic employees?
The Scheme is designed for businesses to facilitate payment of wages and salaries to
their workers and employees. The financing under the Scheme is not meant for
consumer financing to households.

Do the employers need to agree not to terminate any employees on their
payroll effective April 1 regardless if they take funding in full or part of their
payroll?
Yes. The employer will undertake not to lay off employees/workers permanent,
contractual, outsourced, daily wagers except in cases of disciplinary actions.
Can the disbursement of the entire facility be taken in a single go due to
payroll in excess of Rs. 500M?
The bank cannot make disbursement in single go. The bank will approve the limit in one
go, however, the disbursement of financing facility shall be made equivalent to
proportional monthly payroll size being financed by the bank for a period of three
months i.e. April till June 2020.
Does the layoff condition apply on both permanent and contractual workers?
Yes. Layoff condition applies on permanent, contractual, daily wagers as well as
outsourced employees/ workers.