Alfalah Floating Term Deposit
Product Features
Alfalah floating term deposit is a fixed deposit designed to provide floating rates of
return to individuals and companies.
Product Feature / Benefits / Unique Selling Points:

Investment tenures of 1 year, 2 years or 3 years

Monthly, quarterly or semi-annually profit payout

Minimum placement amount of Rs.50,000

Maximum placement amount/Capping of Rs.100 million for individual customers

No maximum placement amount/capping for companies/corporates
Target Market
All Segments - Both Individuals/ Corporates are eligible to open this Account.
Eligibility Criteria
For individuals, joint account holders, sole proprietors, private limited companies, public
limited companies, partnerships.
FAQs
Q1: Do all BAL branches country-wide offer this product?
A: Yes – all BAFL conventional branches offer this product.
Q2: Who can place deposits in this account?
A: This account is for individuals/joint account holders, sole proprietors, private limited
companies, public limited companies, partnerships etc.
Q3: What is the minimum and maximum amount of Term Deposit I can book?
A: For individual customer, a minimum amount of Term Deposit would be PKR 50,000/-
with a capping of PKR 100 Million. Any amount in excess of PKR 100 Million would be
booked as normal Term Deposit. For Corporate customers, a minimum amount of Term
Deposit would be PKR 50,000/- however, there will be no capping on the maximum
amount.
Q4: Can the customer withdraw the deposit before the end of the fixed
deposit period?
A: Yes. However, a premature encashment penalty will be levied as per the bank’s
schedule of charges.

Q5: How often will the profit be credited?
A: The profit will be credited either monthly, quarterly or semi-annually, as per
customer’s choice.
Q5: How often will the profit rate be revised?
A: The profit rate shall be revised after every profit payout based on effective KIBID
rate irrespective of the tenor or payout frequency.
Q6: What will be the profit paid out?
A: The profit rate paid out will be based on the Karachi Interbank Bid (KIBID) rate,
adjusted for a small spread.
Q8: Can the customer avail special pricing on the deposit?
A: No, special pricing is not available for this term deposit.
Q9: Is automatic rollover facility available for this term deposit?
A: No, automatic rollover facility is not available for this term deposit.