Alfalah Mahana Amdan Term Deposit Account
Product Features
Alfalah Mahana Amdan Account is a term deposit account which gives customer high
rate of returns on fixed deposits with the benefit of monthly profits.
Product Features and Benefits:

Alfalah Mahana Amdan is a 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 year fixed term deposit

Profit is paid monthly

Minimum placement amount of PKR 100,000

No upper limit on deposit amount

Only for individual/joint account holders and customers.
Companies/corporates/businesses NOT eligible for this product

Deposit in PKR only
Unique Selling Points:

Attractive rate of profit

Profit calculated on the total fixed deposit and credited monthly

Auto renewal facility.
Target Market
Small to middle income individuals (Small/medium individual savers, Housewives/Non-
working women, Retired individuals, Salaried individuals, Pensioners)
Eligibility Criteria
For only for individual/joint account holders and customers.
Companies/corporates/businesses NOT eligible for this product.
FAQs
Q1: Do all BAL branches country-wide offer this product?
A: Yes – all BAFL conventional branches offer this Product.
Q2: Who can place deposits in this account?
A: This account can be opened by individual/joint account holders only. This product is
NOT available for companies/corporate/other businesses.

Q3: How often will the profit be credited?
A: The profit will be credited on a monthly basis.
Q4: Can the customer withdraw the deposit before the end of the fixed
deposit period?
A: Yes. However, a premature encashment penalty will be levied as per the bank’s
schedule of charges.
Q5: What is the minimum and maximum amount of Term Deposit I can book?
A: Customer can book a Term Deposit with a minimum amount of PKR 100,000/- and
there is no upper cap on maximum amount.
Q6: What is the minimum and maximum tenor of Term Deposit I can book?
A: Customer can book a Term Deposit for a minimum period of 1 year ranging to a
maximum period of 5 years.
Q7: Is automatic rollover facility available for this term deposit?
A: Yes, automatic rollover facility is available for this term deposit.